# Driving History Tracker

##### Language: Python 3.8.10

##### Usage: "python3 index.py input.txt"

### Prompt

#### Let's write some code to track driving history for people.

####

#### The code will process an input file. You can either choose to accept the input via stdin (e.g. if you're using Ruby cat input.txt | ruby yourcode.rb), or as a file name given on the command line (e.g. ruby yourcode.rb input.txt). You can use any programming language that you want. Please choose a language that allows you to best demonstrate your programming ability.

#### Each line in the input file will start with a command. There are two possible commands.

#### The first command is Driver, which will register a new Driver in the app. Example:

#### Driver Dan

#### The second command is Trip, which will record a trip attributed to a driver. The line will be space delimited with the following fields: the command (Trip), driver name, start time, stop time, miles driven. Times will be given in the format of hours:minutes. We'll use a 24-hour clock and will assume that drivers never drive past midnight (the start time will always be before the end time). Example:

#### Trip Dan 07:15 07:45 17.3

#### Discard any trips that average a speed of less than 5 mph or greater than 100 mph.

#### Generate a report containing each driver with total miles driven and average speed. Sort the output by most miles driven to least. Round miles and miles per hour to the nearest integer.

#### Example input:

##### Driver Dan

##### Driver Lauren

##### Driver Kumi

##### Trip Dan 07:15 07:45 17.3

##### Trip Dan 06:12 06:32 21.8

##### Trip Lauren 12:01 13:16 42.0

##### Expected output:

##### Lauren: 42 miles @ 34 mph

##### Dan: 39 miles @ 47 mph

##### Kumi: 0 miles

### Documentation

#### This documentation provides insight to the reasoning behind the choices I made when

#### developing the algorithm for tracking and processing drivers' driving data for the purpose

#### of generating reports as requested by the problem statement.

#### The general idea is: I read the file, line by line, and calculate the duration and average mph for each trip.

#### If the average mph satisfies the [5-100] mph requirement, I proceed to calculate, store and update each drivers info using DriversData class objects for each driver and a Dictionary to store and access them.

#### I then iterate through the sorted by "totalMilesDriven" key-value pairs of the DRIVERS_HISTORY_MAP dictionary to print the requested information.

## A. Language seen in this document and what it refers to:

1. DRIVERS_HISTORY_MAP refers to a key-value pair map that stores the driver's name and their driving data
2. DriversData refers to an instance of the DriversData class which has the following attributes and methods
   {
   \_name: str
   \_totalMilesDriven: float
   \_weightedAverageMPH: float
   \_totalTripDuration: int
   **init**(name:str)->None
   setTotalMilesDriven(miles:float)->None
   getTotalMilesDriven()->float
   setWeightedAverageMPH(mph:float)->None
   getWeightedAverageMPH()->float
   setTotalTripDuration(minutes:int)->None
   getTotalTripDuration()->int
   **repr**()->str
   }
3. Registering a driver means to add a key->value pair of driver->DriversData(driver) in the DRIVERS_HISTORY_MAP dictionary.

## B. High level overview of the algorithm for future reference:

1. Create DriversData class with attributes and methods listed in Section A.2
2. Open and store input_file to easy to read variable
3. Create an empty DRIVERS_HISTORY_MAP dictionary
4. For each line of the input file:
   a. Convert the line into an array by splitting the line string with the "space" and "newline" characters.
   b. If the array has less then 2 elements, continue to the next array
   c. If the array is a valid Driver Command and if this driver has not been registered yet, register the driver
   d. If the array is a valid Trip Command and the driver has been registered:
   i. Store startTime, stopTime and miles to easy to read variables.
   ii. Try to convert miles to a float, if error continue to the next line
   iii. Validate miles, startTime and stopTime, if either is invalid, continue to the next line
   iv. Calculate and store the trip's duration and average mph to easy to read variables.
   v. If the trip's average mph or the trip's duration do not satisfy requirements, continue to the next line
   vi. Calculate and cumulatively add each trip's (line's) data to the driver's dictionary entry 1. Retrieve the current data for the driver (will be an empty DriversData object on the first Trip command) 2. Store totalTripDuration and weightedAverageMPH to easy to read variables 3. calculate and store the new weightedAverageMPH based on the current trip's avgMPH and duration and total trips' duration and weightedAverageMPH 4. Update the DriversData object's attributes
5. Sort dictionary by "totalMilesDriven" of the DriversData objects and print in the format requested.

### C. Explanations:

1. Object Modeling. For this work sample I found it helpful to create a simple model for the data stored for each driver. One of its purposes was to initially create an object with default data for each driver when they were registered by a Driver command.
   An extra minor purpose, which is neat nonetheless, is the **repr** method which allowed a very clean way of printing the final report data in the requested format.
   Another purpose of this class was the ease of access to its attributes by custom get and set methods.

To store and access this information I decided to use Python's built-in dictionary class. The main advantage for using a dictionary is the efficiency when accessing each driver's values. Since Trip commands are not guaranteed to be consecutive, it means that using each driver's name as a key in a dictionary (or map in other langs) will allow for efficient access to each driver's data every time. If I used a list, I would have to iterate through that list multiple times for each command to find a registered driver or to verify whether a driver has been registered yet, or I would have to keep track of the list's indices in association with drivers' names in a different structure and that's where the dictionary came in.

2. Testing. What I found really important was to make sure to skip lines that would cause any unwanted changes to the final data. Throughout the code I have checks the will cause a line to be skipped if certain requirements are not met.
   I have added multiple tests to check validity of input that run before the main function is executed.
   The requirements I ended up with are the following:
   a. To make sure initial data is controlled
   i. Initialize DriverData attributes to 0.
   b. As stated in the prompt, discard avgMPH of less than 5 or more than 100
   c. Validity of input
   i. Check startTime and stopTime for valid formatting with RegExp else skip line
   ii. Check that miles can be properly converted to float else skip line
   iii. I acknowledge that the prompt states that startTime less then stopTime but I added a check any cases where that might not be true.
   d. Math logic testing
   i. Since I am multiplying and dividing cumulatively on the weightedAverageMPH attribute of DriversData, I thought a good way to test the final result was to check whether the final data still satisfy the totalMiles/duration == mph formula. In a real-world scenario this could be a validation check that runs every x-amount of hours or x-amount of entries on the database but outside this segment of the code.
   e. In addition to the above, and very importantly, I tested with various combinations of valid and invalid inputs in the input2.txt file and also tested with a bigger input file as seen with the input.txt file.

### D. Observations:

1. A lot of the variables used are redundant and could be avoided. However, with interest in code readability, I chose to use plenty of them.
2. With interest in saving space, I chose not to store trip information, rather calculate and store the minimum required data to satisfy requirements. I would have done that by maintaining an array which would hav been an attribute of the DriversData class. Initially, I started storing the trip's data and it is something that's probably useful in a real-world scenario. However, since the goal of this work sample was to print each driver's total mileage and average mph, I decided not to store that information.
3. Another way to approach this problem is, again, to store all the info in a structure of choice, with interest is efficient future access. Let's say that the report requirements change and the new requirements ask what the average trip duration of each user is, or what time a driver is more likely to start a trip. Having individual trip information stored would allow me to do that. But again, since the requirements for this standalone exercise was specific, I stored and calculated only the minimum data required.
4. I also chose to add a "name" attribute in the DriversData class which is not required in this use case. However, in a real world scenario where the dictionary or data structure chosen to save the files would use a unique ID or hash as the key to access the information for a specific driver, identification attributes like 'name' would definitely be required.
5. I created a validateData function that runs at the end of the main function which would not be how this data would be validated in a real-world scenario. This was a quick way to verify that the cumulative weightedAverageMPH was calculated correctly and also to make sure that all the data was associated to the correct driver.
6. I created tests that run when a user runs the file directly from console which test each helper function with multiple edge cases.
7. Even though the problem statement prompt defines the format of the input lines (for example the Driver and Trip commands, startTime and stopTime specifications), I added multiple checks to make sure that invalid lines in the input file would be skipped with interest in not skewing the final data (ex. non-positive miles, 0 trip durations).
8. Since array.split() creates an array by splitting the original string by checking for whitespace characters, each element (string) of the new array will have at least one character. Because of that, I don't have to check for empty strings. (For example, we will always have a driver's name with at least one character)

### E. APIs

#### I decided to make a public API with an API key valid for 30 days starting March 29th 2022. If the reader is interested in trying them out, below are the specifications.

1. Python API
   URL: https://##########.execute-api.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/######/report/py
   Method: POST
   Headers:
   key: "x-api-key"
   value: "*********************************************"
   Body: (raw->json)
   {
   "filedata": "base64encodedfile-all-in-a-single-line"
   }

#### The idea is: Encode the input.txt file with all the Driver and Trip commands into a base64 string and send it via the body as shown above. I tested using Postman.

#### What I found interesting is that the NodeJS api responds faster than the Python api on an average of 10 calls with medium to large inputs, even though the logic is exactly the same. Did not test with millions of commands. I always had the impression the Python executes faster than Javascript.

##### Example of Body:

###### The data below is the base64 encoded version of the input.txt file in this folder

{
"filedata": "RHJpdmVyIE1pa2UKRHJpdmVyIFBhbm9zCkRyaXZlciBQb3BvCkRyaXZlciBEYW5zbGV5CkRyaXZlciBCaWJpCkRyaXZlciBCcmlhbm5hCkRyaXZlciBMZXhpCkRyaXZlciBEb2hhcnQKRHJpdmVyIFRvbnkKRHJpdmVyIEJyZXQKRHJpdmVyIEJyYWQKRHJpdmVyIENocmlzdGluYQpEcml2ZXIgVG9ueWEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDIwOjM4IDIxOjEwIDE2My4wMQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAzOjM3IDQ6NDMgMTc0LjM1ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDM6MTMgNTo0NyA5Ni45NApUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTo1NiAyOjM0IDE2Mi40NApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMDoyNCAxOjU4IDI4LjYKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEwOjQwIDEzOjMxIDEwOC4wNQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMjA6MDggMjE6MTIgNzkuMzQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE4OjMzIDIwOjM2IDUzLjU4ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNjo1MSAxOTo0MSAxMjEuNjEKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDEyOjEwIDEyOjM5IDE5OS4zOApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTU6MTggMTc6MTAgMzcuNgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTA6MTcgMTI6MjUgMTAyLjMyClRyaXAgQnJldCA0OjEzIDY6MzQgMTkwLjM3ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAyMDoyNSAyMDo0OSA5OS4wNQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTo1MCAyOjAxIDE4OC42NgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA1OjIzIDY6MzAgOTEuNzcKVHJpcCBUb255YSA3OjU1IDEwOjQwIDEyNi43NApUcmlwIEJyYWQgNjozMiA2OjQ0IDY4LjY5ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxOjAyIDM6MDIgMTMuNTUKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTc6MzIgMTg6NTAgNjkuMDUKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE6NTkgNDozMCA4Ni45OQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNzoyMyA5OjQ3IDkxLjMKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDA6MTkgMDoyOCAxNjUuODEKVHJpcCBUb255IDE0OjU4IDE3OjA3IDE1My42MwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNzoyMCA5OjE2IDExOC4xMgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDEyOjUyIDE1OjQxIDEzNC4yOApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTU6MTggMTc6NTIgMTUxLjY1ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxODozNCAxOTo1MCAxOTkuMDgKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDA6MDEgMDo1NiAxNy4wMwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMzozNyA0OjQ1IDEyMy4yOApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDExOjEzIDEyOjQzIDE0OS43NApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMjA6NDcgMjI6NDQgMTY0LjAzClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxNToxOCAxNTo0NCAxNDguNjgKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDM6NTUgNDoxNSAxMjEuNDUKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE3OjM4IDE4OjAzIDM4Ljk2ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxOToxNyAyMjoxNCAxOTAuNzEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDg6MzMgMTE6MDIgMTM2LjM4ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTU6NTIgMTg6MDMgMTI4LjA2ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxOjIzIDM6MDIgMTEzLjYKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDM6NTUgNTo0MyAxNjUuMjUKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEzOjM2IDE0OjIyIDEzMi4wNQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA1OjE3IDU6MzkgMTk2LjE4ClRyaXAgQmliaSAwOjA2IDM6MDIgMTU4LjkyClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxODoyNCAxOToyNCAxMjguNwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNjo1MyA3OjUyIDE5NS42OQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE4OjEwIDE4OjQ4IDUzLjAxClRyaXAgQnJhZCA2OjUyIDk6MjggMTg0LjQxClRyaXAgTWlrZSAzOjM4IDY6MjUgMTU1LjkyClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA5OjU0IDEyOjMzIDE0Ny44NQpUcmlwIExleGkgODowNyA4OjU0IDE4NC4wOApUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTI6MzYgMTM6MjYgMTAxLjM5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMzoyMyAxNDoyNCA3Ny4wNwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNTowNiA3OjE1IDE5MS4xClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNDo1MCAxNTo1MSA3MC45MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE3OjQ0IDE5OjMyIDEyMS44OApUcmlwIExleGkgMzozNSA0OjAxIDE5My43NwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDExOjA2IDEzOjA3IDE1OS45ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxODoxNyAxOTo0MSAxNi40NwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNToyNyAxNzowNyAxMzIuNDIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDM6MjAgNjoxOSA0My42MwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTA6MTQgMTM6MDggMTcuMDkKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE6MzggMjo1NCA4Ny42NApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTE6MDUgMTI6MzYgMTY1Ljk0ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDEzOjE0IDE1OjE3IDIwLjgyClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNjowOSA4OjMxIDIuOQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOToyMSAyMTowNSA3NC45OApUcmlwIE1pa2UgODo1MSAxMTozNiAxOTAuNDkKVHJpcCBUb255IDA6MDMgMTo0OCAxNDYuOTUKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTc6MTYgMTk6MjQgMTUxLjg0ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNjoxOCAxODo0NiAxNTMuNjQKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDc6MzAgOToxMCAxMzUuMTgKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDg6MTQgMTA6MzEgODcuMjgKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMzowMCA1OjI0IDEwOS4wNQpUcmlwIExleGkgNzozOSA4OjA1IDEwLjA4ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNTowNiAxNToyMSA0OS40MwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgNjo1MCA5OjIxIDE5OS4xMQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMzozMiAxNToxNiAxNjIuMDgKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE4OjQ5IDE5OjM0IDQ4LjUxClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAzOjMxIDU6MTEgNjAuNTEKVHJpcCBUb255IDQ6MjMgNzowNiA4Ni4xClRyaXAgQnJhZCA5OjAyIDEwOjIxIDguOTcKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE5OjQyIDIwOjI5IDgwLjAKVHJpcCBUb255IDc6MjMgNzo0MiAxMjUuNTkKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDM6MTUgNDozMSAzMC44MwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDEyOjQ4IDE0OjQxIDE1MC44MgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTE6NTUgMTI6MzggMzguMDYKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE4OjMzIDIwOjM3IDQ3LjE0ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxOjE2IDI6MzUgMTYwLjg5ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA4OjQ2IDk6MjYgMjkuNQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMjoxOSAzOjE1IDcuOTcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE6MjYgNDowNSAzNS4zClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAwOjI0IDE6NTcgMTE3Ljg5ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTQ6MjggMTQ6MzIgMTg2LjcyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTowNyAxOjEyIDEzNi4wNApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxODozNiAxOToyNyA4NS45NgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTU6NTcgMTc6NDUgMTg2LjY0ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTc6NTAgMjA6MjggMTk0Ljk2ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDEyOjUzIDE1OjE2IDM1Ljk3ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNzowOSA4OjU4IDk5LjM2ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE2OjMyIDE4OjI0IDE2My4xClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxODoyMCAyMDo1MCAxNDkuOTMKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEwOjEzIDEyOjI0IDIuOTcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDEzOjE3IDE1OjIwIDU4LjA2ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMjoxNSAxMjoyMSAxMzEuMApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxODowNiAxODozMCAxNDEuNTMKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxMTozNCAxNDoxNiAxNTUuNzUKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDM6NDMgNToxNSA4Ni45NApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMDozMCAyOjUwIDk1LjY3ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNTo1OSAxNjoxMyA5Mi4yMgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNzoxMSA4OjE2IDE2Ni44MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDY6NTMgNzozOCAxMDEuNzMKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDM6MDAgNDo1NCAxOTcuNzEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAzOjUyIDY6NDMgNjUuMTgKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDU6MjkgNTo1NSA4LjE2ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMTozNCAxMjo0MSAxOTEuNTgKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDg6MzkgMTA6MjUgMzcuNQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDEyOjI1IDEyOjM3IDYyLjEzClRyaXAgTGV4aSAwOjM0IDA6NTAgNDMuMzYKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE6MjAgMzoxMiAxNzYuOTIKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTg6NTggMjA6MDQgMTc4Ljk5ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMTozNyAxMzowNyAxNzMuMTYKVHJpcCBUb255IDI6MzQgNDowNiAxOTUuMzgKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDM6MzEgNjoyOCAxMzkuNjUKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDA6MTQgMDoxOSAxMDAuNDcKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEyOjEzIDEyOjQ1IDg2Ljg2ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAwOjA3IDE6NTMgODIuNzcKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDI6NTggMzowNCAxNS41NApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTM6MDUgMTU6MTcgNzUuOTMKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDExOjU3IDEzOjAwIDQuMTYKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxMDozMCAxMDo0MiAxMi40MgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOjM1IDI6MDYgMTQ4LjQ5ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAyOjUyIDM6MTUgNzAuMDIKVHJpcCBUb255YSA2OjAyIDc6MjggMjAuNDUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA3OjUzIDEwOjUzIDEyOS4xMgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTY6NTEgMTc6MDEgMjUuODEKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDY6MTIgNzo0MiA0Ljc4ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxOTozMyAyMToyOCA0Ni4wClRyaXAgQnJhZCA0OjU0IDY6NDYgMTE3LjMKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE4OjAzIDE5OjM4IDEyNi4wNQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTc6NTYgMTg6MzcgMTkwLjIzClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNTo0OCA2OjM5IDE4Mi45NgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAwOjAxIDE6NDIgMTU2LjU4ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxOToxMCAyMToxNyAxNTAuMTUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE2OjA3IDE2OjU0IDUzLjc2ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMjozNSAxMzoyOSAxMDcuMzIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMTo0NiAxMzo1OSA1Ny44MQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDg6MTIgODo1MiAxMzUuNApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMzoxMyAzOjE4IDExLjg1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxNjoxMSAxNzo0MiAxMzUuMDgKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxOToxNCAxOToyMCAxLjczClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDQ6MDkgNDoyNCAxNTYuMwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTE6NDEgMTM6NDQgNjMuNjcKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDU6MzcgODowMiAxODEuNDEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE2OjEzIDE3OjQ4IDE5NC4yMQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNDoxNyA1OjAyIDU4LjE3ClRyaXAgQnJhZCA5OjMzIDEwOjI1IDI5LjA5ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTQ6NTMgMTU6NDkgNDkuOTYKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDIwOjUxIDIxOjUwIDE5MC41MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDExOjMwIDEzOjMyIDIzLjI4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMjo0OSAxMzoyNSAxNDkuMDcKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDIwOjI0IDIxOjI4IDE1Ni45NApUcmlwIEJpYmkgMzo0NyA1OjQzIDE3My4xNwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE3OjEwIDE5OjA1IDEwNy42ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxNjowMiAxNjoyNyA0Ny4wNQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE1OjE5IDE3OjE4IDUuNDkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMDoxMyAxOjU2IDM1LjIKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE5OjMzIDIyOjA0IDk5Ljg5ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNTowMSAxNToxOCA1MC44MwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMDozMCAyOjQ5IDIyLjA2ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxOTowNyAyMDozNyA5My4wMQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDA6MzEgMDo0MSAzNC4zNwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA3OjMwIDc6NDQgMjcuMTkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDExOjM0IDE0OjA1IDE4Ni4wOQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNTo0MiA2OjM0IDE3MS4yNQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNzoxOCA5OjAyIDMyLjE0ClRyaXAgQmliaSA2OjE0IDg6MTAgODYuMDgKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDEwOjU0IDExOjQwIDIuMDIKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEyOjM4IDEzOjMxIDE5NC4yMgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNTo0NSAxNjoxNSAxNTIuMDUKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDExOjUxIDEyOjU1IDE5MC41NQpUcmlwIExleGkgMzozMiA1OjE3IDEwOS42NQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgODowMCA5OjM4IDYzLjA1ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTc6NDQgMTk6NDYgODEuNjkKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDI6MTMgNDo1MCA2OC41OQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMjozMiAyOjQ2IDEzOS4zNQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTE6MjYgMTI6MjggMTM2LjM4ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNjo1OCAxNzoxOSA4MS45NgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTo1MSAyOjU0IDg4LjI1ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE0OjQ4IDE3OjEyIDExOC44OApUcmlwIEJpYmkgOTozOCAxMToxOSAxNDIuMTIKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE6MTQgMTo0OCA4OS41MwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTI6MDIgMTQ6NDIgMjguNjYKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMzo0OCA1OjUyIDExNC4xNQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTU6MjggMTc6MDQgMTY4LjMKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE6MDMgMzozNiAxOTkuNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTY6MjkgMTY6NTQgMjcuNTYKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDI6NDUgNToyMiAxMzEuNDMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEzOjExIDE0OjU0IDExNC4zOApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMzoyNyA1OjQ4IDE2OC42MgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMjA6NTAgMjM6MDUgMTE3Ljg4ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNzoyMSAxOTozOCA3LjAxClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMzo0NyAxNDoxNCAxMjMuNzgKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE0OjUyIDE1OjM4IDE5Ni41MwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgOTo1NyAxMjo0MSA5Mi45NApUcmlwIEJyYWQgMToyNyAyOjA1IDE2MC44NApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDEyOjQ2IDEzOjM0IDE2OC44NgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTM6NDQgMTY6MTUgMTUxLjI4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxNDo1OCAxNTo1OSAxMDMuMDQKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE5OjIwIDIwOjIxIDEwNC4wNgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNDozOSAxNjo1MSA1NS4yNgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTI6NDYgMTU6MTUgNzEuNDIKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDQ6MDAgNjozMyAxMjAuMjIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDc6MDMgOTozMyA1MC40OQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDM6NDIgNDoyNCAxMjguOTQKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDY6NDYgODo1NCA4Ljc3ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMjo1NiAxNDo0OSAxMS4yMQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTQ6MjIgMTU6MjMgMTA2LjYxClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA0OjQ0IDU6MzcgMTkxLjg3ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA2OjQyIDg6NTEgMTM2LjQxClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA0OjE0IDY6MzkgMTg2Ljc4ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDI6MzIgMzo0MCA1NS45OApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAzOjMyIDU6MjkgMTc4LjI5ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA1OjU3IDc6MzEgMTIxLjAzClRyaXAgVG9ueSA3OjEzIDg6MTggMTMxLjY0ClRyaXAgQnJldCAyMDoyMiAyMjozOSA4My4wMgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgOTozMyAxMDo0NiAxODcuOTkKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA2OjQwIDY6NTIgNDYuMjYKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDExOjQ5IDEyOjQ0IDExMC4zMQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTc6NDcgMjA6MjQgNTIuMzIKVHJpcCBUb255IDU6MzMgODowNSA3OS40OQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTQ6MDIgMTQ6NDMgNjguMzMKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE5OjE1IDE5OjU3IDE2OC4xNgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAzOjI3IDY6MDIgNDkuMDMKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTI6MzIgMTM6MTcgNTIuMjQKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTk6MzUgMjA6MTQgMTcxLjE3ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAzOjMzIDQ6MTkgNTcuNDYKVHJpcCBUb255YSAyMDozOCAyMToyOSAxOTIuNjgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNjo0OCA5OjQ1IDk0Ljk4ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMToyMyAxMjozMiAxMy40MwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA3OjIzIDc6MzUgMTA2LjM4ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyOjEwIDM6MzMgMTc4LjEzClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE1OjEzIDE2OjE5IDE0OC45ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNDo1MSA2OjA2IDE5Ni43MwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNDo0NSA2OjQwIDEwMy41NwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMzo0MSA0OjIyIDE5Ny4zNgpUcmlwIExleGkgNjo1OSA4OjAyIDMwLjUzClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMTowNiAxMjoyOCAxNzguMzMKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE1OjM2IDE3OjQwIDc2Ljg4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxOTo0MCAxOTo1NiA0MC45OQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNDozNyAxNTo1MSAxNzcuMDYKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDk6NTMgMTE6NTYgNzQuOTQKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEzOjU5IDE2OjA5IDY5LjIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTk6MzYgMjA6MjIgMTAxLjI0ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNToyMSAxNzowNSA2MC40MgpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMDowOCAyOjM1IDExNi4zMwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA2OjEyIDc6MDcgMTMzLjk3ClRyaXAgQnJhZCA1OjU2IDY6MDIgNTcuODQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE6MjYgMzoxMyA4OC45ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNjo0NyAxODo1MyA3OC4xOQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTo1MyA0OjM1IDEzMi4yClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA5OjQ5IDEwOjUyIDYzLjI1ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA3OjA5IDg6MjAgMzEuODgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTU6MjggMTg6MDEgMzguNzkKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDEwOjIyIDEyOjQwIDEyMC4zNQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDA6MTcgMzowNSAxNDMuNDUKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDI6NTMgMzoyNCAxOC42MgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTI6MjUgMTI6MzUgMTc1LjA1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA4OjI2IDExOjA1IDczLjUxClRyaXAgQnJhZCA2OjM1IDg6MjAgMTEwLjA5ClRyaXAgQmliaSA5OjE1IDEwOjAzIDM4Ljc1ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNjozMyAxNzoxMCAxNy4xOApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMzoyOCA1OjU1IDUyLjkxClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxODozMCAyMToxOCA4NC42OApUcmlwIFRvbnkgNDoxNCA2OjExIDg0LjAzClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNjowMSAxNjo1MSAxMTIuMQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE5OjAwIDE5OjUxIDE2OS45NgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTk6MDEgMjA6MzYgMTU2LjEKVHJpcCBUb255YSA2OjA3IDY6NDUgMzUuODMKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNzo1NCAxMDo1NCAxNjMuNDcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDEwOjE3IDEwOjQwIDExMi43OQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTE6MDcgMTM6NDIgMTYuMjMKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDk6MjEgOTo1MCAxODUuMjQKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTc6NDggMTk6MTkgMjYuODkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDc6NDUgODoxMiAxNzMuODUKVHJpcCBUb255YSAyOjM2IDM6MDggMTc3LjQ2ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxOjE4IDE6MjYgMTc1LjkyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMjA6NTEgMjI6NTAgMTI3LjA0ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMjo1NiAxMzoxNyAyMi40NgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDExOjMzIDEzOjExIDE3MS44MQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMToyNSAxOjQ4IDY1Ljc2ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA5OjE4IDEwOjA0IDk1LjU0ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA5OjI4IDExOjQwIDE3NS40NQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTY6MjUgMTg6MDcgMTU3LjU4ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTM6MDQgMTY6MDIgMTUxLjM3ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNjowNiA4OjQ0IDE3My45OQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMjo1NyA1OjI4IDE3My4zNwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMzoyNCA0OjExIDk0LjkxClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTM6MTkgMTM6NTQgMTMzLjExClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxOToyMyAyMTozMyA3OC41NgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDIwOjMxIDIxOjM5IDE3OS42NgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTU6NDYgMTc6MjIgMTI4LjkxClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDU6MDcgNTo1NyAxNTcuNTYKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE2OjM2IDE4OjI3IDEyNi4zOApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDEwOjI5IDExOjM1IDEwOC40OApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTI6MjcgMTM6MTUgOTUuNTkKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE5OjU4IDIwOjI2IDE1Mi44MQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA0OjAzIDQ6MTcgNzAuMzQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE6MDggMzo0OSAxMzMuMgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMjA6MzMgMjE6MTYgMjYuMTIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDg6NTUgOToxNyAyNy44OQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTY6MDkgMTY6MzcgMTguNjkKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE2OjU4IDE3OjQyIDEwOS42ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxOjI5IDQ6MDAgMTY0Ljk2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTY6NDkgMTg6NDAgMTI5LjcxClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMzozNyAxNjowNCAyMS4xNQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTA6NDYgMTE6MDYgMTI1LjYyClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMDowMiAxMjozMCAzOC4yClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxODo0MiAyMTowMSA1NS40NwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTE6MzQgMTE6NTMgODguMzEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxNzowMCAxNzozOCAyMS43NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNDo0NCA3OjQwIDE2NC4zNwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTQ6MzAgMTU6NTggNjQuNTUKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNToyMyA3OjU0IDk0Ljg1ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMTo0OCAxMjozNCAxMjkuODQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDExOjQwIDEyOjI3IDE4OC41MgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDY6MTMgODoxMyAxNzQuNDYKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTA6MDYgMTI6NTggNzAuMDgKVHJpcCBUb255YSAyMDo1NyAyMjoyOSA1OS41NQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE1OjA0IDE4OjAyIDY0LjYzClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMTo1OCAxMjozMCAzMy44NQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNzo0NyA5OjQ5IDcwLjgKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDEzOjA1IDE1OjQ5IDM4LjExClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDEzOjMxIDE0OjE1IDEzMy42MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE6MTMgMToyNCAxMy42MwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMToxNyAyOjMyIDcyLjc5ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMzoxMCAxNDowNyA2Ny43MgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTc6MzEgMTk6NTMgMTIyLjI5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxOToyNiAyMToxMCAxMjcuNTUKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDU6NTYgODoyMyA3MS4wNQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMjo0MyA0OjM3IDE5Mi4zNwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTE6MTEgMTI6MjUgMTY5LjkKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDc6MTggNzoyMSA1OS40MgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTI6NTEgMTQ6MjMgNzUuMTcKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNzozNiAxMDoyMSAxNTAuODIKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE2OjM1IDE4OjQxIDEwNi4zNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNzo1MyA4OjI1IDE1Ny45MQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMDoxMCAxMDoyNSAxLjIxClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTE6MjQgMTM6MTcgOTAuMDUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE4OjEzIDE4OjQ0IDY2LjMyClRyaXAgUGFub3MgODoyMyA5OjU1IDE1Ni45ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxNDoxNyAxNjoyNyAxMjQuOTQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE1OjUwIDE3OjU5IDM3LjgyClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyOjM0IDQ6MzIgNTYuOTEKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDY6MzMgNjo1MyA0MC4wOQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE5OjIzIDIxOjE0IDE1My4wMwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMToyMCAyOjQxIDEwOS4yOQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTk6MzggMjA6MDUgMTguNTEKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDIwOjMzIDIxOjE5IDgxLjQxClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMjo0NiAxNDo0OSAxMTAuMjEKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE6NDAgMjo1OSAxMTAuODYKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDM6NTkgNTo1NSAxODIuNDcKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDM6MjEgNjowMiAxNTkuOTkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDg6NTkgOTozNiAxODYuMDIKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE2OjI4IDE4OjIyIDQ1Ljk0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA0OjM3IDU6MjggMzYuODkKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE6MDYgMjozMSAxMzguMDUKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxMToyOCAxMzowMSA0My4yMQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDM6MjAgNToyMyAzNi4wOApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDEzOjQwIDE0OjU4IDMyLjk0ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMzoxNCAxNDoxOCAxOTYuNTUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE1OjIzIDE2OjQ2IDE2OC44NwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNDo1MSA3OjQ4IDE0MC4wNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgOTozNCAxMDozNCA3MC40NgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTM6MzQgMTM6NDMgMTY0LjA1ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAwOjA2IDI6MzAgODIuNzkKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDI6MzEgNDozNCA5Ni41MgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTk6MTcgMjA6MzEgNjkuMzIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxOjU1IDM6MDUgMzMuOApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNzozNCA5OjMzIDE4NS4wNApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMDo0NiAxOjIxIDM3LjI3ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE2OjM0IDE3OjQ0IDE4MS44NQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTA6MTQgMTE6MTkgODguMTIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDM6NDYgNDoxMiAxNzAuNTMKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE5OjQwIDIwOjE3IDU3LjE1ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMjozMiAxMzoxMSA2Ny4zMgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMjoyMiA0OjIzIDg2LjU2ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMjo1OSAxNDowNyAxNjguMzQKVHJpcCBUb255YSA0OjQ5IDc6MzEgOS45ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA1OjA4IDY6MTMgMTM1Ljc1ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNjo1OCAxNzo0MyA3OS40MwpUcmlwIExleGkgNzowNCA5OjQ2IDE2NS4zMQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOjU2IDM6MDkgOTcuODQKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE6MzEgMjowNCAxOTMuMjYKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTo0NSAzOjE4IDE1LjA2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNjo1MiA3OjQ5IDk3LjY0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyMDowMSAyMDowNSAxNzkuMDgKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDg6MDIgODo0MyAyMy43NApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDI6NTIgMzo1MSAxODYuODMKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDExOjI3IDEyOjQwIDE1MS4yNApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDQ6MTMgNDo1NCAxOTQuMApUcmlwIEJyZXQgNzozMyA5OjIxIDEzOC41ClRyaXAgQnJldCA3OjIxIDc6NTIgOTguNDUKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTU6MjUgMTY6NTAgMTcxLjcxClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAzOjEyIDM6MzggMTczLjkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE0OjQxIDE3OjE1IDU3LjU0ClRyaXAgQmliaSAzOjA2IDU6MzYgNTQuNzgKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDEzOjU1IDE0OjE4IDg5Ljg5ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMzo1MCAxNjoxNSAxNjguMzgKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE3OjIzIDE5OjM0IDcxLjMKVHJpcCBUb255IDIwOjA4IDIyOjAwIDE5Ljc0ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNjowNCAxODowNCAxODMuNzMKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDExOjU1IDEzOjIzIDk3LjcKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDIwOjEwIDIwOjM5IDEzLjU4ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMjoyNiAxNDowOCAxNDkuMDMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDA6MTAgMjo1NyA0MS4yMgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTQ6MjkgMTc6MjkgNzMuNjYKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDIwOjM4IDIxOjU2IDk3LjA1ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNjo1NiA5OjQ4IDE5OS41NwpUcmlwIExleGkgNDoxMiA0OjE0IDMxLjc2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNTo0NyA4OjI2IDg2Ljg0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA2OjMzIDg6MjAgNDAuMzEKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDI6MjQgMjozMiAxNTEuODkKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEyOjM3IDE0OjI4IDE1MC42MwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTY6MjggMTc6MjkgNS40OApUcmlwIEJyZXQgNTozNyA2OjU0IDEwOC4zMgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgOTozNCAxMToxNiA0NS4zMQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTE6MzAgMTQ6MzAgMTQ0LjI1ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTk6MTUgMjE6MDQgODIuMzIKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE0OjQ5IDE3OjE1IDE0My43NgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTM6MzEgMTQ6MDAgMTkzLjI0ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA3OjI0IDg6NDggNTYuMDEKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE3OjMzIDE4OjA4IDEzOS4zOApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTc6NTQgMjA6MjQgNzAuMDIKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDc6MDcgODo0MCAxOTEuMjkKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxOjE0IDI6MzggMTAyLjYxClRyaXAgUG9wbyA4OjUyIDk6NDcgMTEzLjM4ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxNzoxMiAxOToxMSA2Mi45ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMjowNSAxMzowOCAyLjI5ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMjowNyAxNDoxNiA0NC4zMQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTM6NTcgMTQ6NDcgMTQ5Ljc2ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE5OjA5IDE5OjE0IDE2NC4zMgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE2OjEyIDE4OjEzIDE5Mi45MwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE0OjQ0IDE2OjQzIDE2Ny44MQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDk6MjUgOTozMyA1MS4zClRyaXAgQmliaSA2OjA5IDc6MDMgMTU0LjM1ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNjo1MCA4OjU0IDEzNS45MQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNDowMSAxNDo1NiA1MS44NgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNTowMiA3OjIyIDEzMy4wNgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTg6MDYgMTg6MTEgMTY0LjU2ClRyaXAgQmliaSAzOjE0IDQ6MDYgMTUxLjY1ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMjo0OSAxNTozNCAxMS4yMwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMjowNyAzOjI4IDEuMDUKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDQ6MzggNTozNyAxNTMuMzEKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDY6NDYgNzoyMSA3Ni4xMwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTQ6MTUgMTQ6MzYgMTYuODgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMDoxMCAyOjQzIDEzMy41MQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOToyMyAyMTo1OSA3OC42MgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMjoyNSAxNDoyNCA2My44NApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTk6MTMgMTk6NDIgMTI1LjcxClRyaXAgQnJhZCAzOjM1IDU6MDAgNS4wOApUcmlwIFRvbnkgODo0MyAxMToyNyAxMTguNTcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA2OjI1IDc6MTMgODYuNjQKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDU6NDggODoyMiA1LjI2ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAyOjIzIDQ6MTEgNjguNQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMjoxMyA0OjEyIDkwLjYzClRyaXAgVG9ueSAzOjAxIDM6NTMgMTUwLjM3ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxMzo1MyAxNTowMCAxNTcuNjkKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE2OjEyIDE2OjQxIDE1OS4zMgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTQ6NTcgMTc6NDEgMTg3LjEKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxODoxOCAxOTo0OSA4MC43NgpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMzoyNSA0OjI0IDQ1LjYzClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxODowOCAyMDoyNCAxNjEuNTQKVHJpcCBUb255YSA5OjA3IDExOjM0IDE5MC45OApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMDo0NCAxMzowNiAxNzMuNjQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDIwOjMxIDIyOjM5IDE4Mi4xMwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMzoxNiA0OjA4IDE4MC42OApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDA6NDAgMjowMiA3Mi43NApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTU6MjUgMTU6MjYgNDkuNjIKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDM6NTUgNToyOSAxOTkuNTgKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDc6NTcgOTo1MCAxNC44NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTg6MTkgMTk6MjUgMTMzLjE1ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMzozNCAxNjozNCAzMC43NwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMDoxNCAxOjU2IDEyMC4yMgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNTo0NyAxNjo0MiA1NC44NwpUcmlwIExleGkgMjoxMiAzOjQ4IDE2NS43NQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTg6NDIgMjE6MzMgOTAuNzgKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDc6MzUgOToxMyAxNTYuNApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTA6MjEgMTI6MTIgMTIzLjUKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDEyOjI4IDEzOjExIDEyMy45MwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTA6MjMgMTE6MzIgMTY2LjgxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTA6MTMgMTA6MjkgNTguNjgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNzo0MiA4OjA3IDEyOC45NgpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMzoyMyA0OjM0IDEwLjQ4ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyMDowMiAyMjo0MCA0Ny4yNgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAyOjA1IDI6NDUgNjUuNzgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMjA6MzggMjI6NTIgOC43MwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgODowMiA4OjExIDE4Ny4wMgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNDo1NyA1OjMxIDE4Ny44NApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE0OjIyIDE1OjM5IDczLjEzClRyaXAgQmliaSAxODo0MCAyMTowMSA2MS43MgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAwOjUyIDE6MDEgNzYuNgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMjA6MzEgMjE6NTUgMTcyLjMKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxOjE3IDI6MzUgMTUxLjkyClRyaXAgQmliaSA1OjIxIDY6NDcgMTcuODEKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgOTowOSAxMToyOCA2OC43MwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAzOjI0IDU6MjcgMTIuMDEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDEwOjQ0IDEzOjM3IDg2LjA1ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMzo0MiA2OjMyIDM4Ljg2ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyOjE5IDM6MTIgNjEuMzMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDA6MzEgMjozNyAxMDYuNgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgOTowMiAxMTo1MCAyLjA1ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAyOjU3IDM6MjkgODQuMDEKVHJpcCBUb255YSA0OjIwIDY6MzMgMTU4LjMKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE5OjQ0IDIyOjM4IDEzMS40MwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgOTo0OCAxMDo1OCAxODguNTYKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDM6NDkgNDoyNiAxNC4yNApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNDoyNyAxNzowMSA4MS40ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMzoyMiAxMzo1NSAxMDIuNTcKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE3OjAwIDE3OjIwIDU3LjUxClRyaXAgTGV4aSAyOjM0IDI6NDYgOTIuMzEKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEyOjM3IDEzOjU1IDc4LjA2ClRyaXAgQnJldCA3OjA0IDk6MTEgNzguODEKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDk6MDcgMTE6MjcgNzMuNTIKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTA6MTggMTI6NDggMTc4Ljk5ClRyaXAgUG9wbyA5OjM1IDExOjMwIDEwMy44NwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA4OjIwIDEwOjMwIDEwMy41MwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNzoyNiA5OjM1IDE1MC44NwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOToyMiAyMjowNyAxMDUuODgKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDEwOjM3IDEzOjM3IDY4LjA0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxMzoxMCAxNjowMCA1Ni42MQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgODo0OSAxMTowNSAxMzMuNgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgNToyNSA1OjUzIDExOC41MwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE1OjMyIDE2OjM5IDEwNC4yNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNzowMSA4OjAzIDE1MC42NgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNTowMSA3OjU3IDE2Ny41ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMDozOCAxMzowMSAxODEuMDEKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE3OjM0IDE4OjI3IDE0Ni4xOQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDk6NTQgMTE6MzkgODkuOTYKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA2OjAwIDY6MTYgMTc4LjI1ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTo1OCA0OjQ3IDEwMy42OApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMToyOSAxMjo1MiAxMS43MQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTM6MTUgMTY6MDEgNS44OApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA3OjEwIDc6MzggMTU1LjgxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTg6MjEgMTk6MzUgMTcxLjcxClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNzo1MiAyMDowMCA1NC42NwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE2OjM3IDE4OjQwIDE3NS4wNQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNzozNCA5OjM3IDE2My4zNApUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTQ6NDIgMTY6NTkgMTQ3LjI3ClRyaXAgUG9wbyA1OjQ1IDU6NTIgNjAuMzkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTI6MTIgMTM6MzMgOTYuNzYKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDY6NDQgOToyOSAxODcuMjcKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE4OjQyIDIwOjI1IDEzNy45MQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTY6NTcgMTg6NDQgOTIuMTMKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDM6NTggNjozOSAxMi43MwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTQ6MzMgMTU6MzUgMTU0Ljk1ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTo0NyAxOjUyIDE4LjI3ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMzo1NSAxNjowNCAxMDAuMjQKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDEwOjQ0IDExOjU0IDkxLjE1ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxOjQ5IDQ6MzIgMTIyLjU2ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxNzo0MyAxOTo0NiAxMDIuMTkKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgNDowOSA1OjU5IDg0LjEyClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxNzoyNCAxODozNSA3MC4yClRyaXAgQnJldCAxOToxNSAyMDo0MSA3NS4xOQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNTozMiA1OjQ3IDQzLjEyClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxOjQ0IDM6NDcgNDkuODUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAwOjQ3IDE6MTQgMTYxLjU5ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxOTo0NiAyMjoxMSAxNTAuNDgKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxOjEzIDQ6MDAgMTExLjY2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNDo1MiA2OjU1IDEwNi4wClRyaXAgUGFub3MgOTozMCAxMTo1MyAxNjguNzIKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxNTozNiAxNzo0MiA0Ny43ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE6MjYgMToyNyA5Ny41MQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTQ6MTIgMTY6MzQgOTcuODUKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE4OjI3IDIxOjEwIDg2LjQyClRyaXAgTGV4aSA0OjIzIDY6MjAgMjEuMDcKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDc6NDUgOTo1MyA3My43OApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDA6MTkgMTo0NyA5LjQxClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE4OjIxIDE4OjI1IDYxLjE5ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTQ6NTEgMTY6MTkgMTUwLjA0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxOTowMCAyMDowMCAxNzcuOTcKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE2OjUyIDE3OjM5IDEwMS42NApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTc6MTUgMTk6MDUgMTMzLjIzClRyaXAgVG9ueSAyMDozNyAyMTo1NCA5OS41NgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMjozOSA0OjUwIDgwLjU1ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgODo0NSAxMDowNyAxOS43MQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTY6MDQgMTY6NTcgMTE1LjcyClRyaXAgVG9ueSA0OjUxIDc6MzIgMTgxLjkxClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxOjI5IDE6MzMgOTYuNDEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDk6MDggOTo0MiAxNTguNzcKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE5OjE2IDIwOjE5IDEyOS4yNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNjo1MiA5OjI1IDIwLjk2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNDoxMyA2OjA2IDg0LjI5ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTQ6MzkgMTU6MDggMTQ2LjA4ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNzoyNSA5OjA3IDk0Ljc3ClRyaXAgQmliaSA4OjM4IDEwOjU5IDE0MS4xOApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDY6NDcgNzo0OCAxMDguMTEKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDg6MTAgOToyNyA3NS40MwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMjozMCA0OjE0IDE4Mi4zMgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMjozMCAyOjQ5IDE5OC44OApUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTM6MjggMTM6MzAgMTY2Ljg4ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDQ6MjkgNTo1MyAxNi4wNApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDY6MTMgNzowNyAxNDguNzUKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE1OjQ2IDE2OjA1IDE3Ni4yNApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTE6NDkgMTI6MjQgNi4wNQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNDoyMCA1OjAyIDI0LjEzClRyaXAgUG9wbyA1OjA1IDc6NDggMjYuOTEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE2OjU2IDE5OjUyIDQzLjU2ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE0OjU1IDE3OjE3IDExMS41MgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTE6MDUgMTI6MDQgMTg3Ljk1ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMDoxNCAxOjQ1IDE2NC4xMwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTQ6MjUgMTc6MDQgMTU5LjE4ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNjowNSAxNzoxMyAxMzIuOTUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDIwOjQ4IDIzOjM3IDkwLjk5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA3OjQ3IDEwOjIwIDEyNy42MwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDg6NTggMTE6NDYgMTA5LjYxClRyaXAgQnJldCAyMDowNSAyMjoxMiAxMzUuMzQKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE6MDIgMTo0NSAxMDAuMzgKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDc6MTAgOTowNCA4NC45NwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNDo0OSA1OjA1IDg5LjUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDEwOjI3IDExOjAxIDE0Ni4zMQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNjowMCAxODoxMyA2NC44OApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDQ6MzcgNjo1NSAxMjkuMzIKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDI6MTUgMzozNyA1Mi4zNApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMzowOSAzOjExIDEyNC40NwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTU6MDEgMTY6MzMgOTUuMDcKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDU6NDAgNzowMiAxOS4wNApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxODo0MCAyMToyOSAxMTguMDYKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE2OjI0IDE2OjQ2IDE1LjE5ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMToxNiAzOjI3IDM4LjI5ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNzowNyAxODowNCA3Ni4xNgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTU6MjMgMTU6NTcgMzYuOTMKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE1OjU1IDE4OjM0IDE4Ni42NwpUcmlwIExleGkgMTA6NTYgMTM6NTAgMTEwLjQ5ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE5OjUyIDIxOjAxIDkyLjQ0ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE2OjU0IDE4OjA0IDg3LjIxClRyaXAgQnJldCAwOjA0IDA6MjUgMTQwLjYyClRyaXAgTWlrZSA1OjEzIDc6MDYgNzAuMDEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAzOjM4IDU6MjAgNzUuNjcKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE3OjA0IDE5OjAzIDI2LjQzClRyaXAgVG9ueSA4OjUxIDEwOjE3IDE1Mi4xNQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gOToxNiAxMToxMCA0OS40NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNzowNCA5OjU1IDE0Ljg2ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE4OjUyIDIxOjUxIDE0LjIzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE0OjU4IDE2OjA1IDQxLjcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE1OjQ5IDE3OjE3IDEzMy45MwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTU6NDMgMTg6MTYgMTM2LjYxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMjoyNCA0OjEzIDU0LjAxClRyaXAgQmliaSAxOjE2IDM6NTQgMTk3LjQyClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNzoyMiAyMDowOSAxMTMuODYKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDc6MDMgNzo1MSAxNTMuMDcKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTc6NTIgMTk6NTggNzQuMTcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMzoxMSAxNDo1MyAyNS4wMgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxODo1OSAxOTowMyA0My4wOQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTE6MTYgMTQ6MDUgMjAuMzgKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDI6MzcgMjo1NSAxNjIuOTcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE0OjIxIDE2OjM1IDQ1LjE1ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA3OjU5IDg6NTcgMTMxLjQyClRyaXAgQnJldCA5OjI2IDk6NDcgMTIzLjcyClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNDoyNSAxNDozMiAxNjYuODQKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMjoxNiAyOjE5IDExMS45MgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMToyNSAxMjoyMCAxODguODcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDU6MTYgNzo0MCAxNzUuMDUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDU6NTEgNjozNiAxNi40OQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDEwOjM0IDEzOjA5IDE3My4xNQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDEzOjM0IDE1OjU2IDQ5Ljg1ClRyaXAgUG9wbyA5OjAzIDk6NDIgMTc3LjA1ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDA6MzMgMTowOCAxODkuNjQKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMjA6MzggMjM6MjEgNzcuNzkKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA4OjA4IDg6MTUgMTU1LjQ5ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxOTo0MCAyMDo1NSAxNTUuNDkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTI6MTAgMTI6MjMgMi4wNQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgODoyNSA5OjU4IDE2Mi4wMgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTQ6MDMgMTY6MzMgMTc2LjExClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxODo1NSAyMDoxOCA2OC41NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTE6NTQgMTQ6MzEgNzMuMDYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE5OjIxIDIyOjEyIDE3OS4xMwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTU6NTIgMTY6MTIgMTY2Ljk3ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxNDo0NSAxNTo0MSAxODYuODcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDM6NTMgNDoyNyAxMjkuMzIKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDU6NDAgNzoxMSA0LjExClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxODowMiAyMDozOSA0NC41OQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTY6MDAgMTc6MDMgMTA2LjI4ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMjo1NiAxMzo0MSAzOC4zNgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgNzo0OSA4OjAyIDk1LjA0ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDM6NDYgNDo1NCAxNTUuOTIKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE1OjU1IDE4OjIzIDEzLjY0ClRyaXAgQnJldCA3OjA2IDc6MzUgODQuNApUcmlwIEJpYmkgMzozOCA2OjI3IDcxLjAKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE3OjE1IDE3OjI2IDQ2LjYyClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMjoyOSAxNToxMCAxOS4yNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTI6MTMgMTM6MTkgMzYuODkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNjoyNiA4OjAyIDMwLjAyClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNzoyNyAxODowOSAxNDAuNQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMjo0MiA1OjM2IDM4Ljk5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA0OjIwIDU6MTIgMTI2LjgxClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMzoxMCAxNDozNiA4OC4xNQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAyOjAxIDI6MzcgODIuOTkKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDI6NDQgNDo0MSAxMzAuNTIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDEyOjEzIDE0OjU5IDE2LjkyClRyaXAgUG9wbyA1OjAxIDY6NDAgNTEuOTQKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE1OjM3IDE3OjI3IDE1NC42NApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMjo0NSAxNToyOCAzNS43MwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgODo1MiA5OjA3IDE2Ni41MwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA0OjEyIDc6MDcgMTEyLjU2ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDU6MjAgODowMCAxNTUuMDgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNjowNiA4OjQ5IDE4Mi43OQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTozNiAzOjM1IDE0MS4zNwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA4OjE5IDk6NDEgMTU4LjExClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMToxMyAxMzo0MyAxMDkuNzYKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE6NDEgMjo0NiA3OS42OQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMjoxNCAxNDoxMiA1Ljc0ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNTo1MyAxNzo0NyAyNy4zOQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTU6NTUgMTY6NDQgMTkxLjQ2ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMTo0NCAxMTo1NyA5Ljg1ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE4OjA0IDE5OjM4IDcwLjI3ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMzo0OCAxNDo0NiAxNjUuMjUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA2OjI4IDg6MDggODYuODEKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMjA6NTUgMjM6NTQgMTUyLjIyClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNToxNiAxNzo1NyA1Mi40ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAwOjQzIDE6MDAgMTUxLjMzClRyaXAgTGV4aSAzOjMyIDU6NDcgOTYuNzIKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDA6NTcgMjo0OCAzMC43NwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTY6MTkgMTY6NTAgMTQ5LjAzClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxNDo1NSAxNzoyOSA4NS42OQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTA6MTYgMTM6MTYgMTI2LjM3ClRyaXAgQnJldCAzOjAxIDU6NTQgMTgyLjc2ClRyaXAgQmliaSAyOjM4IDM6MDMgMTk5LjU2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTI6MTQgMTQ6MTEgMTg2LjAyClRyaXAgTGV4aSA2OjIxIDk6MDYgMzUuMgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA1OjE0IDY6MTEgMjIuOTQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDU6MjEgNToyNSAxNDIuMjIKVHJpcCBUb255IDEwOjAwIDEwOjUzIDE0MC44ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDEwOjA5IDEwOjM4IDE2OC4xOQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAyMDoxMyAyMDo1NyA5Mi42NApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA4OjAxIDg6NTYgMTA0LjcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE5OjUyIDIxOjIwIDE0My4wOQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMDo1NiAyOjMyIDk3LjM0ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMzoxMyAxMzo0MyA0My42NQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMjowMCAyOjE4IDExMC45ClRyaXAgQnJhZCA2OjIxIDc6MzMgNTUuODUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMDowOCAxMjozNiAxODQuOTkKVHJpcCBUb255IDE5OjE0IDIwOjIxIDE5LjE1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAwOjUwIDI6MzQgNjAuNDUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDc6NTYgMTA6NTUgNjYuNjcKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTI6MjAgMTU6MDEgMTUyLjg5ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxNTowNSAxNjozOCAxODguNzMKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE0OjM1IDE3OjIwIDExMi4yNwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTQ6NDIgMTQ6NDkgMzAuNTMKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDA6NTQgMTo0MSAxNDQuOApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTY6MDcgMTg6MzQgMTQ3LjQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDA6MTUgMDoyMiAxMTcuMTIKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDU6NDQgODo0MSA3My4xNApUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTc6MTYgMTk6MDQgOTAuMTgKVHJpcCBUb255IDM6MjIgMzoyNiAxNzAuMwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTU6MjAgMTc6MTIgNTMuOApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTk6MTYgMjA6MzMgMTk3LjYKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTg6NTkgMjA6NTQgMTk5Ljc0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMDowMyAxMTo0MiA0MC44MQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNjo0OSA5OjI1IDQ1LjAzClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMzo1MiAxNDoyOSAxMTMuMzQKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDEwOjM0IDExOjIyIDIwLjM1ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAwOjE1IDI6MTcgMTIwLjQ3ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNjoyMCAxODo0OCA3OC42NgpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTg6MDAgMTg6NTEgMTExLjk3ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxODoxNCAxOTo0NCAxNDQuODEKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDEzOjUzIDE1OjA3IDE5NC4xNApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMjA6NDYgMjI6MjYgMTQ5LjQKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEwOjQwIDEzOjI5IDEwNi44ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDIwOjQzIDIzOjAyIDM2LjU4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA5OjM3IDEwOjQwIDExNy43NwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMjA6NTcgMjM6MTEgOS41NApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMDoyMiAxMTozNCAxNTMuMzcKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTo0MSA0OjA0IDEyNi4wMgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAzOjAxIDM6NDcgNDQuMzgKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTI6MTMgMTQ6MDIgNjAuMjQKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTg6MzQgMTk6MzYgMTg0LjkyClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMjozNSAxNDozMCAxMTYuOApUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTc6NDQgMTg6MDcgMTYxLjQ5ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTE6NDUgMTE6NTQgMTg1LjU3ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAwOjU2IDI6NDAgMzguNwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTQ6MzQgMTQ6NTIgNTEuNTQKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEyOjU1IDE0OjMxIDEyOC40MQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgNTo0NCA3OjIxIDEzNi42MwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgODowMiAxMDoxMiAxMTUuMTIKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDEwOjMwIDExOjQyIDYxLjEzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE3OjMzIDE3OjQ3IDYwLjU3ClRyaXAgQnJldCA2OjM3IDg6NDMgMTcwLjE1ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE0OjQxIDE1OjAwIDEyNi4yNwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgOTo0NiAxMjozOSAyOC42NgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgODowNSA5OjI2IDkyLjM3ClRyaXAgQnJhZCA2OjIyIDc6MzggMTY3Ljg3ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyOjI4IDQ6MDggMTE1Ljc1ClRyaXAgQnJldCA4OjM5IDEwOjM1IDEyMS40NgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDI6MzggNDoxNiAxMjkuNDEKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMjo0NSAzOjQ4IDE5Mi4wNgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNTo0MyA3OjI1IDQ4LjUxClRyaXAgQmliaSAxOjUwIDE6NTIgODQuNDYKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEyOjU3IDEzOjQ0IDE0LjA5ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTk6NDIgMTk6NTcgMTQuMTQKVHJpcCBUb255IDM6NTQgNTowMCAxODkuNjYKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDIwOjQ1IDIxOjEwIDI5LjQKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE0OjEzIDE2OjA3IDU3LjYzClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDk6MjcgOTo0NSAyLjQxClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAzOjA3IDQ6NDcgNTYuMjEKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE6MDQgMToyMSA3MS44MgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDY6MzggODoxOCAxMzguMDQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE6MzQgMzoxMyAxNTguNDQKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMzoxOCA0OjQxIDEwOC4zNwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA1OjIyIDc6MTkgNzIuNjcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDI6MDcgMzoxMCAxOTYuOTgKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDU6NDQgODoyOSAxMTguNwpUcmlwIExleGkgNDozNSA3OjAxIDEwOC42ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMDo0MiAxMTo0NyAxMTguNjcKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTY6MzEgMTk6MjUgMzAuNzIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDg6MjYgMTA6MDYgMTY1LjU4ClRyaXAgQmliaSAwOjQ5IDM6MzggNTMuMTkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE4OjAzIDE5OjA0IDkuODcKVHJpcCBUb255IDEwOjM5IDExOjA3IDExOS4wNQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDIwOjAxIDIwOjQ2IDQxLjgyClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxOjI5IDE6NDUgMTg2LjkxClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA0OjI1IDU6MzMgMTgxLjYyClRyaXAgTWlrZSA0OjAwIDQ6NTUgMjcuNDkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTE6MzkgMTQ6MzEgMjQuMjIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAzOjMwIDQ6MTAgNTYuNzEKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE1OjM1IDE2OjQxIDI2Ljc2ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgODozMiA5OjIzIDEwNy4zNQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA0OjM2IDc6MzUgMTYzLjk2ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA1OjQxIDc6MzMgMTI5LjE3ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDIwOjA1IDIxOjQyIDk5Ljk1ClRyaXAgQmliaSA5OjI2IDEyOjAxIDE3MS4wClRyaXAgUG9wbyA2OjEyIDg6NDQgNDguMjYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDEzOjM1IDE0OjIwIDEwNC41NgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMzo1OSA0OjIwIDg5Ljc4ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNzo1NiAxODo0NCA5NS4xClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE4OjQ1IDIwOjAyIDExOS40ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNjo1MCA4OjEwIDE1My41NQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDg6NTMgOToyMCAxMjcuNDYKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDIwOjI1IDIxOjQ5IDE5NS45NApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTk6NDYgMjE6MDIgODAuOTUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMjozMSAxMzozMCAyLjUxClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMDoxMCAxMjozNSA3NS43MgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTg6NTMgMjE6MzMgMzkuMTcKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMzo0MiA0OjU5IDEzOC42NQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTM6MzYgMTQ6MzkgMzYuMzkKVHJpcCBUb255IDE1OjEyIDE2OjU3IDY0LjE2ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDg6NTQgOTowMiAxNjIuMjIKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDEyOjI3IDEyOjQ2IDE0LjA4ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTI6MzUgMTM6MjkgMTQ2Ljg1ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMDo0NyAxMTozNSAxMDguMTEKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMToyNiAyOjA4IDEzNi43NgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTA6NTkgMTI6NTMgNjUuODUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDIwOjM4IDIyOjQ0IDE4Ni4wClRyaXAgVG9ueSA5OjQwIDExOjMwIDUuNjEKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTc6NTQgMjA6MTQgNDAuMDQKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE0OjUyIDE2OjIyIDE1LjMKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgNjo0NyA3OjU4IDU0LjExClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxNTo1MiAxNzo0MyAxOTYuODQKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDY6NTggNzo1MCAxNjkuMQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgOTozOSAxMDowNiAxOS4yClRyaXAgTWlrZSA1OjU4IDY6NTkgNTYuMDQKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE3OjIxIDE4OjA0IDE3NC43ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMDoyNyAwOjU0IDE5OC44NQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTg6MjEgMjA6MjcgODcuMTEKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEwOjMyIDEyOjAxIDI3LjE2ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMzoxNyAxNDoxNSAxODIuMTYKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxOTowOCAxOTo0NyAyNy45MwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNzoxNCAxMDowMSAzMy4zClRyaXAgUG9wbyAyOjE2IDI6NDAgMTc2Ljk4ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMTo0OSAxNDoyNCAxNzMuNzQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE3OjEyIDE4OjA5IDE0Ny4yOQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNjo0NCAxODo0MCA5LjkxClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxOjE0IDI6MjUgMTcwLjIyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNjowMCA3OjI2IDE5OS41MQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTo0NiA0OjIwIDE3NC40NgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDc6MjcgODowMCA4OS4wMQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTY6NTIgMTg6MDAgMTk1LjUKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNjo1NCA4OjU3IDExNC4zMgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDI6MDcgMjoyMiA0Ni40MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDQ6NTAgNTozNiAxMTMuNDUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE3OjE2IDE5OjM3IDEwNy43MQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDY6MTkgNjo0MiAxOTQuNjMKVHJpcCBUb255IDU6NTIgNzoyMCAxNjQuNTUKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEzOjQzIDE1OjU3IDcuMzIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAyOjQwIDQ6NTYgMTIuODQKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE1OjU4IDE4OjE1IDEwMS45NApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDM6NDkgNjoyNiAxNDIuNzQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE6MzEgNDoxMCA3OS4yOQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMjo0OCAzOjA5IDQxLjMxClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE0OjAwIDE1OjU0IDEzLjg1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA0OjIxIDY6NTkgMTEzLjk0ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTA6NTkgMTM6MzkgOC4wOApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgODo0OSAxMTozNSA5Ni40ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE2OjU3IDE3OjM5IDE1MS40ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxOTo1MCAyMTo0MSAxNTAuMQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNDowNyAxNTowNiA4NS44NgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNjoxMyA2OjE2IDExNi42NApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNDoyOSAxNjo0NyA5MS41MgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTg6MTcgMjE6MTAgNDguNQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDI6MjEgNDowNyAxMTYuNDcKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgOToxMCAxMTo0MSA4MS4yNgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTI6MzggMTQ6MjUgMTM3LjA1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAyOjQxIDQ6MjggNTAuOTIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDIwOjE2IDIxOjMxIDE3LjM1ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMjoyNiAxNTowMSA1MS4wMQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNTo1MyAxNzozMiAxODYuOTQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE3OjI5IDE4OjEzIDkyLjEyClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNDowMSAxNjo0NiAxMzguMzgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMzoyNCA1OjQwIDE1LjcyClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxOjMxIDM6NTcgMTk4LjYKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDQ6NDcgNTo1NCAxMTYuODcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDg6MjMgOToyOCA0OC4zOApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMDoxOSAxMjo0OCAxODYuMwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTc6NDQgMjA6MDkgMTM0LjE0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAwOjQ5IDI6MDcgNy43NgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA5OjU0IDEyOjM2IDE1NS4yMQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgNjo1MCA5OjIzIDc1LjgzClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNDowOSAxNDozMiAxOTUuMjUKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTE6NTMgMTM6MzYgMTM2Ljc5ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMToxNSAxMjoyOSA2MC41MQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNjowMSA2OjMyIDE0LjM5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAwOjA5IDE6MjIgMTM3LjYxClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTY6MjAgMTc6NDcgMTM1LjI4ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTc6NDAgMTk6MzcgMTY1LjA3ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNjozNSAxNjo0MyAzNS4wNwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgODoyMyAxMDo0MSA1OS4zNgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA3OjQxIDg6MzYgMi44MgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNTo0NCAxNzoyOCAxMzQuNTIKVHJpcCBUb255YSA2OjA0IDY6MzcgMTk3LjQ0ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNTo0NCAxNzoyMCA3OS4zMgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgODozMiA5OjQ4IDE5MS41OApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxODoyMyAxODo1NyA3MS44MgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMDoyOSAxOjI0IDYzLjI4ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA3OjU3IDg6MjMgMTU5LjgzClRyaXAgQmliaSA3OjQyIDk6NDggMTU0Ljc0ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMzo0OSAxNToxMCAxMDYuMjUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDg6MDYgMTA6MTkgNzMuMjQKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDM6MTEgMzoxMiAxMTkuMDkKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDExOjExIDEyOjEzIDE1LjQ1ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxOToyNSAyMDozMSA0My40OQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTE6NDggMTQ6MDcgNC43MgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDM6NDQgNjoxMiAxNjIuOTEKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDQ6MzEgNzozMSAxMTUuOQpUcmlwIExleGkgNjo0MCA3OjEwIDE1Ljg2ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNzo0NyAxODoyNCAxODAuNTQKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgNDoxOCA1OjI0IDc0LjMKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDY6NTcgOTowOSAxMjkuNTIKVHJpcCBUb255IDE2OjAyIDE3OjA2IDEyMi4wNwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTU6NDAgMTc6NTAgMTczLjk1ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMjowMiAxMzozMyA0My43ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNjo0OSAxNjo1MCA5Mi4yOApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTg6NDkgMjE6MjAgNzcuMgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNzoxMiA4OjA4IDExMC4yNwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTM6NTEgMTY6NDQgMTc1LjY4ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMzo1NyAxNDo0MSAxNDEuMTMKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE5OjAzIDIxOjMwIDE1OS42MQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTk6MDQgMjI6MDMgMTY5LjU0ClRyaXAgQnJldCAyMDowMCAyMTozOSAxOTYuNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMjo0NyA0OjU0IDEzMy40ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA0OjM1IDY6MTcgMy45NwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgODowOCAxMDowNCAxOS4xNApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTk6MDQgMTk6NDggMTE1LjY0ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMToyMCAzOjA2IDEwMy4wNwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA1OjE0IDU6MjMgMTEyLjE4ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDIwOjUzIDIyOjAyIDE4My41NApUcmlwIEJyZXQgNzowNSA4OjMyIDY4Ljg1ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMjo0NCA1OjMyIDE5OC43NApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTI6MjIgMTM6NTkgMzIuOTgKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE2OjE2IDE3OjM4IDEuNQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gODoxNCAxMDo1NSA1OC4zMQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTA6NDMgMTE6MjMgMTUyLjE4ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDk6NDAgMTI6MzMgMzEuMjgKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDA6NTEgMjo0MiAxNDEuMTgKVHJpcCBUb255IDI6MDQgMzozMiA1My40NgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTI6NTggMTU6MzYgMTguNzIKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDY6MDEgNjoyMCAxODcuNjcKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTo0MiAyOjQzIDI5LjQ2ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTowOCAzOjIxIDEyNS4wNApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAwOjIxIDI6MTYgMTQzLjM4ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMjozOSAxNTozNCAxNTguNzcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxNDowNyAxNjo0NiAxODMuNzcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE4OjA0IDE5OjExIDE4MC43MgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTQ6MzIgMTU6MzMgMTA1LjU1ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDQ6MjMgNjo1OCAxNy42MQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgODoxNCA5OjQ1IDI3LjQyClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNDo0NCA3OjQwIDEyNy42NgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTc6NDEgMTg6MDUgMTk1LjI4ClRyaXAgTGV4aSA2OjM0IDc6MDUgMTk4LjIzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDc6MzAgNzozNSAxNjEuNzgKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDk6MjMgMTE6MzcgODcuMjYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDc6MDcgODoxMyAxMTIuMTYKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA3OjAzIDk6MjUgODIuNTQKVHJpcCBUb255IDg6MDAgMTA6MTYgNy43ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDg6NDIgMTA6MTcgMTQxLjk1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA2OjA0IDg6NDMgNC42MgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDIwOjM3IDIyOjI5IDE0LjY1ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxOjAwIDM6MjkgMTM1LjYxClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDQ6NDIgNzo0MiAxMDcuNDkKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDU6NDIgNjo0NiAxNDUuOTgKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE3OjA0IDE4OjUxIDE4MS45NApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDQ6MDkgNTo1MyAxODcuMjQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDQ6MDggNjoyNCAxMzYuOQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTg6MjMgMjE6MjAgNjIuODEKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDM6NTAgNDoxOSAxNDkuMTgKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxNzozNiAxNzo0NiAxNzkuMgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA3OjI3IDg6MzAgOTkuMjIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxOjMzIDI6NDMgMTEyLjAyClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMDoyMyAxMjo0MCAxNDIuNjcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMDoyNSAxMDo0MCA2Ny43OQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMDo0NiAzOjQxIDI2LjQ3ClRyaXAgQmliaSA5OjEwIDEwOjMwIDQyLjQ0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxNDowMCAxNjo1MiAxODUuOApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTo1MSAyOjU3IDY5LjE5ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA2OjU5IDg6MDggMTQ0LjY1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA0OjM0IDY6NDAgMTk0LjU5ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA1OjM1IDY6NDUgMTc3LjY5ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDY6MzIgODoyNSA4LjAyClRyaXAgTWlrZSA0OjUxIDY6MTIgMTAxLjQ2ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMjowNSAxNDoyMCAxODIuNzcKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTQ6MDIgMTY6MzMgNTMuNTEKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDExOjI3IDEzOjM5IDEyNi45OApUcmlwIEJpYmkgOToyNiAxMToxOSAxNjQuMQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE4OjAyIDE5OjMyIDExNi4wOQpUcmlwIExleGkgMToxMyAzOjQ5IDY5Ljg5ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTY6MTIgMTc6MDggMTU5Ljg4ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTA6NDUgMTI6MTggODcuMTkKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDI6MjkgMzo0NyA1Ljk0ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA0OjE5IDY6NTQgMTU1LjQzClRyaXAgQnJhZCAyOjI0IDU6MDcgNzUuNTgKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDExOjMzIDEzOjEyIDEzNC4zNgpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTA6MzIgMTE6MjMgNzguMzMKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDg6NDkgMTA6NDMgNDIuOTEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDg6MDMgMTA6MTggNDYuNQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMjo0OSAzOjQ4IDM3LjUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMzo1NSAxNDoxNyAxMjkuMjMKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDc6NDggODowOSA4Ny42NwpUcmlwIExleGkgMTY6MzQgMTc6MDkgMTUyLjUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMDoxMSAxMDoyOCAxOTYuNjYKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAyMDowOSAyMToyMyAxMzQuNDgKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgODoxMiA4OjEzIDE3NC42MgpUcmlwIEJpYmkgNzo0NyA4OjUzIDcwLjU3ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNDoyNyAxNTowNSAxNDAuMzEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE5OjA3IDIxOjA2IDExMC4wOQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNjowMyA4OjU1IDE4LjA1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAzOjU0IDQ6MjggMzkuMzcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDk6MzQgOTo0MCAxNzcuNDMKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDExOjMzIDEzOjUyIDE0My4zMwpUcmlwIExleGkgMTg6MTcgMjA6MDIgMzEuNDkKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE5OjE5IDE5OjU4IDEzOS4yOApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgODo0MyAxMToxNCAxNjcuMzcKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMDoyOCAyOjUwIDY2Ljc5ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNjo1NiAxNzo1MSAxMjguOTkKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA1OjA2IDc6MDMgNzIuNApUcmlwIE1pa2UgODo1MyA5OjQwIDEzNi4xNQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNTo1OSAxNzozMiAzOS43ClRyaXAgQnJhZCA4OjQwIDEwOjQyIDE1Ny42NwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDc6MjggOTo1NSA1MC43OQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNTozMyA1OjUyIDMzLjE4ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDIwOjAwIDIyOjA5IDU1LjY5ClRyaXAgTGV4aSA0OjQxIDY6NTUgMTcuMDcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDEwOjQwIDEzOjAzIDE4Ljg0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxODowMyAxOTowNSAxNjkuNTEKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMjA6NDkgMjE6NTggMzAuNjMKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMDoxOSAxOjU0IDExOC41NwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMToxNiAyOjU1IDQwLjYxClRyaXAgUG9wbyA2OjAxIDg6MTAgMTk2LjQ4ClRyaXAgQmliaSA1OjA1IDc6NDMgNzQuODIKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDU6NTQgNjoxMSAzNC45OQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTQ6MDYgMTY6MjIgMTY3LjA2ClRyaXAgTGV4aSA2OjU3IDg6MzAgMTI1LjU3ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAwOjU2IDI6NTQgMjcuMDkKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE2OjI5IDE4OjIyIDExMy44NApUcmlwIFBvcG8gNTo0MiA2OjE4IDk5Ljg4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA4OjMyIDk6MzggMTI0LjcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMjowMyAxMzo0NSA5NC44OApUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTI6MTEgMTM6NTcgNDIuMTEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxOjU2IDI6NDggMjMuMzcKVHJpcCBUb255IDE2OjAzIDE3OjE3IDk3LjI4ClRyaXAgQnJldCA3OjE4IDk6NTAgMzQuMTcKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDM6NDIgNTo1OCAxNTguNTQKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDk6MzggMTI6MzQgMjIuMjkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDM6MzcgNDoyMCAxNDMuMTcKVHJpcCBUb255YSA0OjQ0IDU6MjEgMzguMDcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA5OjE4IDEwOjEwIDIuNzkKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE6NTAgMjo0NiA3Ny4wNQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDY6NDAgNzoyMCA0My41OApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDEzOjIyIDE1OjQwIDI5LjA0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxNTo1NCAxNzoyNyAxNzIuNApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNzoyNSA5OjAxIDE5Mi4yOQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE1OjU5IDE4OjE0IDE4MS43ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMDowMSAxMjowNyA1NS44MQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA3OjA0IDc6MTkgNDcuNwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTk6MDAgMTk6MzAgNDQuNjMKVHJpcCBUb255IDU6MzcgNzo1NSAzNy41MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE0OjEwIDE1OjUwIDE3Ni45OQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMToxMCAxMjoyNyAxMTIuOTIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE5OjAwIDIxOjQ5IDE2OC45NwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTU6MzIgMTc6MTkgNDguNjIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDA6MTUgMDoxOCA0OC4wMgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAzOjIwIDM6MjIgMTgyLjM0ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNTozNSAxNjo1OSA5OC4yClRyaXAgVG9ueSAzOjIxIDQ6NDUgOS42MQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMDoxNSAyOjE0IDkzLjU2ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNjo0MiAxNjo0NCA2OC42MgpUcmlwIEJpYmkgOToyMyAxMDo1MCAxODUuOTIKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDEyOjEyIDEzOjA2IDE2NC4zMwpUcmlwIExleGkgMTo1NyA0OjQxIDE1MC44NQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTY6NDcgMTk6MDAgNjQuNzEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDA6MDAgMDo1MyAzNS4zNgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNToyMiAxODoyMCAxODUuMTcKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE6MTEgMzowOCAxMjguNDMKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE0OjM1IDE0OjQ5IDQ3LjM1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA4OjU2IDk6NDQgNjMuMjUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDA6MzUgMDozNyAxNjcuODQKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxMjo1OSAxNTo1OSA2MS41NQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTY6MjYgMTg6NDggNTcuMDEKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDY6NTYgNzowMCAzMi4wMwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTE6MzcgMTQ6MDMgODIuMDIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDk6MDMgMTE6MzAgNTMuOTIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE5OjQ0IDIyOjE1IDMxLjkyClRyaXAgQnJhZCA5OjMyIDEwOjA5IDE0Ljk1ClRyaXAgTGV4aSA3OjA5IDk6NTkgNzMuNjYKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTg6MjEgMTg6MzMgMTI5LjIxClRyaXAgVG9ueSA4OjEwIDg6NTAgODkuOQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgNzoyOSA4OjAyIDEyNC4xNApUcmlwIExleGkgNToxNSA2OjQyIDEzNi4yMQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgODo1MSAxMDoxNyA0My45NApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTk6MDEgMTk6MzUgMTcuNApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTE6NDEgMTM6MDEgMTk2LjIxClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTY6MDkgMTg6MzggNjYuODMKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTg6MzIgMTg6NDcgMTU5LjY5ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE3OjQ4IDIwOjE3IDExNS4yNgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE4OjQ0IDIwOjAyIDQ3LjgxClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMToyMSAxMTo1OSA4NS4yClRyaXAgTWlrZSA1OjQyIDc6NDQgNjMuMzQKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTowMCAzOjIwIDExOC40NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTU6MzEgMTY6MjEgMTM1LjQ0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyOjMxIDQ6MTUgMTU3Ljk5ClRyaXAgUG9wbyA2OjA2IDY6NDkgODguMTIKVHJpcCBUb255IDEzOjUyIDE1OjA2IDEzLjE4ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTU6MDggMTU6NTcgMTk4LjMxClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE5OjAzIDE5OjQ4IDE2MC4yOApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTE6MDYgMTE6NTAgNzIuNDUKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDM6MDQgNToxMSA0OC4xMQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTI6NTMgMTQ6NDEgMTYxLjExClRyaXAgUG9wbyAyOjE3IDI6MzUgMTczLjcxClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMTo1NyAxMzozOSAyLjEyClRyaXAgTGV4aSA5OjQ1IDExOjQ2IDEwMy40OQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMjA6NTUgMjM6MDcgMTA3LjgKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDY6NTAgNzozMiA5OS40NwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE4OjM0IDE5OjUxIDE1MS43NgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAyMDoyOCAyMToxMyA1MS4zMQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgNjowMSA4OjEyIDE2Ny42ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMzo0MyAxNDo0OCAxMjQuNDUKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEwOjM3IDExOjE1IDExMy4xMgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNTozNiAxNjoyNCAxNS43MQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTU6MzYgMTY6NDMgNTQuODMKVHJpcCBUb255IDY6NDAgODowOSA3OC4zClRyaXAgVG9ueSAzOjEzIDQ6MjkgMTQ1LjI5ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMDo0NyAxMDo1NCAxNjQuMzcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAwOjI5IDE6NTkgMTY0LjEzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE4OjIwIDE5OjQ4IDYwLjgyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMjoxMiA0OjUyIDExMS42MQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTE6MDEgMTM6MzggMTkuNTMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE4OjUwIDIwOjQ5IDEuODkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE2OjEwIDE3OjE5IDI0LjI0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxOTo0OSAyMjo0MyAxMjUuOTUKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEyOjA2IDE0OjE0IDE1NC4yNQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTY6MzggMTk6MDYgOTguMzEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDU6MDQgNzowNyAxNy43OQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMjA6NTUgMjA6NTcgMTg2LjgzClRyaXAgUGFub3MgODozOCA5OjQ2IDE0LjQ5ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyOjA2IDI6NDcgMTU1LjE3ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE1OjMxIDE2OjA2IDkuNTcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxNDo0NSAxNjowMSAxMzkuMzEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxOTowMyAyMDo0OCAxNi41MQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDIwOjQ4IDIyOjUyIDc0LjA5ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNDoyMiA1OjQ1IDE4Ni43OApUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTk6NDYgMjI6MzcgMTA4LjI4ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMDoyNCAxMTowNyAxNzUuNzUKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDk6NDQgMTI6MzIgMTY3LjkzClRyaXAgQmliaSA2OjU2IDc6MTggNTguNzUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE5OjEzIDE5OjMwIDMzLjY2ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDEwOjQ0IDEzOjQwIDE1OC40MwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTE6NTEgMTE6NTIgMjYuNzkKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTE6NDIgMTI6MzAgMTA1LjM2ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE6MzIgMTozOCAxMjQuODEKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDEwOjU0IDEzOjE2IDEwNC40MwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTc6MzggMjA6MTEgODAuMjkKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTg6MTkgMTk6NDYgNjcuNTcKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDk6NDYgMTE6NTAgNjMuNDUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDA6NTAgMTo1MyA5NC4zOApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA3OjExIDg6MTcgMTYyLjY4ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMjoyMiA0OjE1IDExNC43OQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTk6MjYgMjI6MTMgMTE0LjAxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTQ6MTQgMTY6NTAgMTQwLjM5ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAzOjA1IDQ6NTggMTM3LjMyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTA6MTcgMTE6NDIgMTgzLjc3ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxMjoxMSAxMjo1NyAxOC4wNQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgODo1NiAxMTowMCAxOTYuMDkKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDk6MzMgMTA6MDYgMTM3LjkzClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMTo1NCAxNDo0OCAxNjEuMzcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDU6MjQgNjoxMCA5NS44OApUcmlwIEJpYmkgMjA6MjIgMjE6MTAgODcuMApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTowMiAyOjM2IDE5Mi4wNApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTc6MDAgMTk6NTYgMTQyLjI2ClRyaXAgUG9wbyA3OjMyIDEwOjIyIDEyNS4yMwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTA6MjUgMTE6MTEgMTEyLjU2ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA3OjM1IDk6NDIgNDEuNzgKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE3OjUwIDIwOjMzIDg3LjQ5ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTA6MDMgMTA6MjcgMTkuNTcKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDIwOjEzIDIyOjQ1IDEzMC4yNQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE0OjA0IDE2OjUxIDEzOS43NwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMjA6NDggMjM6MDIgMzYuNDYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDY6NTQgOTowMSAxMDIuMQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTI6MDcgMTM6MDQgMi45MgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNTo0MCA2OjM0IDEzMC43MwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTA6MTkgMTE6NTMgMzguMjgKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDEyOjAwIDE0OjA3IDE0MC4wNApUcmlwIExleGkgMzoyMyA1OjI2IDE4Ny42OQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDU6MTUgNzo1NSAxNjcuNzIKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE1OjM4IDE2OjQ0IDM4LjI4ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMTowMiAxNDowMCA0My40MgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTc6NTcgMjA6MTcgNDkuNzkKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE2OjE3IDE3OjQ5IDI1LjcxClRyaXAgTGV4aSA1OjMwIDY6NTYgMTk5LjgxClRyaXAgTWlrZSA5OjI2IDEwOjM0IDcyLjUKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE4OjIxIDE4OjMxIDE3Mi40MwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNTowNCAxNjoyNyAxODguNTQKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMjo1OCAxMzo1NiA2NC4zNApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAyMDoxOSAyMjoxMSAxNzkuNTIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMDoxNiAxMToyOCA3MS42NgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNjoyMSAxNzo1NSAxMDIuNjcKVHJpcCBUb255IDE4OjEwIDE4OjI0IDE5Ni4zNApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxODo1MSAyMTo0OSA5Ni40ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA2OjQxIDg6MDMgODYuNzIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE2OjE0IDE3OjU5IDY1LjU3ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxNDozMSAxNTozOCAxOC43ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA3OjQxIDEwOjE4IDExMC42MgpUcmlwIExleGkgODowOCA5OjM0IDI5LjkyClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDEyOjI1IDEzOjM2IDY3LjIxClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAyOjE3IDQ6NTMgMTEuNjEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxNzoyMyAxOToxMiA5NC43NApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTg6MTEgMjE6MDMgMzUuNzEKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDEyOjEyIDEzOjQ4IDU5LjUyClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDg6NDEgODo1MiAxODUuODMKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxMzo0NCAxNDoxMiA4My4zNwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTk6MjMgMjI6MTcgNjUuODIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgOTo1NCAxMTo1OSAxMTMuNTYKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNzozOCA5OjAzIDUzLjkxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTU6MzUgMTc6MTcgMTIzLjczClRyaXAgQnJhZCA3OjQ0IDEwOjE5IDU2LjUxClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTE6MzkgMTM6MjAgMTYxLjUKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE3OjA4IDE5OjQ5IDkyLjExClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA0OjExIDY6MTMgMTE1LjU0ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAwOjMxIDM6MzEgOTkuNzYKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDU6MjUgNzozNyAxMzguMDIKVHJpcCBUb255IDE6MzkgNDozOCA3Ny4wOApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDExOjUzIDEyOjMyIDEwNy45ClRyaXAgQmliaSA2OjUwIDk6MTYgMTUyLjAyClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxODo0NiAyMToxMCAxMTkuNjYKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMDoxNiAwOjMyIDE1NS44MQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTk6MjUgMjE6MDYgMTY0Ljc4ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNzo0MyAyMDoxMSAxNjUuNzgKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDY6MTIgODoxMiA5My41OQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTA6MTcgMTE6MjAgNjEuOApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMTo0MCAxMjoxNSA2MC43OApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTQ6MDUgMTQ6MTMgMjQuNDEKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNjo0MCA3OjQyIDI0LjUxClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAzOjE1IDQ6MzAgMzEuMDQKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgODo1OCAxMToyMiAyMy45NgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE0OjQxIDE1OjQ0IDkxLjE2ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE0OjUxIDE3OjE3IDEzMC4wOQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMToyMyAyOjUzIDEwNi40MgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTU6NTcgMTg6NTAgMTQuOQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTU6NDQgMTc6NDggMTE0LjYyClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDExOjU5IDEzOjExIDcwLjMxClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAzOjE0IDU6MTcgNDMuODMKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDEzOjE4IDEzOjQzIDI2LjA2ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTk6MTkgMjA6MzYgNTcuMzMKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMToxMSAzOjU4IDM4Ljk3ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAyMDozOCAyMjowOSAxMjYuMDMKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA5OjIzIDExOjUxIDMwLjg1ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDIwOjI2IDIwOjM2IDE2My42NApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDk6MTEgMTA6NDggOTYuODIKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDk6MDUgMTA6MzIgODMuMQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgODowOCA5OjM5IDE2Ni41MgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTI6MDQgMTM6MDEgNTEuOTkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgODowMyA4OjIxIDE2OC4yMgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTc6MTEgMjA6MDAgMTM3LjcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDEzOjA4IDE0OjAzIDE3NC40OQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgOTowNiA5OjU3IDQwLjA5ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNjo0OSA4OjU0IDEyMC40MgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA1OjE3IDc6MjIgMTkxLjkzClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDEwOjU1IDExOjQ3IDE1LjQ3ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAwOjM3IDI6MjMgMy40ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMzo0OSAxNDo1NSA3MC4yMwpUcmlwIExleGkgMjA6NDUgMjM6MzAgMzAuMzgKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDExOjU2IDEzOjU1IDguMDcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDc6NDcgODo0NyAxNDIuMTYKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDU6NDcgODoxOSAxMjEuNDkKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDU6MzAgNTo1NiA4Ni45OQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTQ6MjUgMTU6MDEgODQuNjMKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNzoxMiA4OjAwIDExNS45ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA2OjEwIDY6MjUgOTcuMzIKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDA6NDcgMzoyMSAxNjUuMDcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA4OjI4IDEwOjQzIDU3LjE2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTg6NTMgMTk6MzIgOTguMTgKVHJpcCBUb255IDQ6NDAgNjoxMCAxODIuNzEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE2OjI1IDE4OjU0IDE2Ni42NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTU6MTkgMTc6MDcgMzUuNzkKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAyMDoyNyAyMTowNCAyOC4zNApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDQ6MjcgNjo0MyA4MC43OApUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTY6NTggMTk6MTcgNTYuMjcKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDIwOjU0IDIxOjEyIDEyLjc1ClRyaXAgQnJldCAyMDozMCAyMTo1MiA2MS4yNQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNDo1OCA3OjUzIDE0OS45OApUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTU6MjUgMTg6MjUgMTkyLjQ1ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAyOjI4IDM6MjkgMTc0LjcxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgODo1NCA5OjA3IDcwLjE0ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAwOjM2IDM6MjMgNDEuNzMKVHJpcCBUb255YSAyMDo1MyAyMToxMiA4NC40NwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNDo1MiA2OjMyIDQ5LjY0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAwOjQ3IDI6MDkgMTExLjgyClRyaXAgQnJldCAzOjA0IDM6NTggNTAuNjUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDg6MzkgODo0MSA4OS44OQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTU6MjQgMTY6MTggMzUuNTcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDA6MjAgMTo1MyA1NC43ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMDoyMyAxMTozNCAxMDQuOQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTo0MyAyOjM4IDEwOC42NgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE2OjEzIDE2OjIwIDYzLjkzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDU6NTAgODo0MiA1Mi4yNgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMzoyMSAxMzo0NyA3OS4wNApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMzo0MiA1OjU3IDk3LjU4ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyOjI5IDU6MjYgMTE3LjI0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA4OjExIDg6MzQgMTk1LjIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE2OjI3IDE2OjMxIDE4OS4yNApUcmlwIFBvcG8gODoxOSA5OjE4IDEyNi4wNQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDQ6MDEgNTo0OCA2MS4yMQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMjA6NTYgMjI6NTMgMTIwLjAzClRyaXAgUG9wbyA4OjIxIDk6NDUgOTcuODEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA5OjA0IDEwOjExIDEwMC42MQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMDo1MiAwOjU0IDIwLjI3ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNzo0NSAyMDo0MSAxNTYuMTIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDk6MjAgMTE6NDYgMjguODIKVHJpcCBUb255IDM6MTAgNDoxNiAxOTQuNjUKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEwOjM3IDEyOjIxIDYwLjIxClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMDoxMiAxMDo1NCAxMzguNjEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE0OjI0IDE2OjM1IDE0MS41MwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMjA6MTMgMjI6MTEgMTE2LjUzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDc6NTggMTA6MDAgMTU3Ljk4ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE6MjAgMjoxNiAxNzAuMzcKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA1OjI1IDc6MDEgMTQ1LjczClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDEyOjMwIDE0OjU4IDY0LjM3ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTk6NDggMjA6MTQgNjEuMjUKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDExOjI5IDE0OjAzIDE3My4wMwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDIwOjEwIDIyOjM1IDE2Ny42NQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTI6NDYgMTU6MzEgMjQuNzUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDI6MjUgMzo1NiA4Ni4xClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMTo1NyAxMzoyMCAzMS4zNQpUcmlwIExleGkgMTk6NTUgMjI6MTMgMjIuMQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNTo0NyA4OjM2IDEzMi4xNwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTk6MjkgMjA6NTEgODIuODYKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgNDowMCA2OjUzIDE1NC42NApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNjoyNyA4OjAyIDU0LjQ4ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA2OjE4IDc6MzEgNTQuNjkKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE4OjIyIDE5OjE0IDY5LjAKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTowOSAzOjUxIDEwNi4wMwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAyOjQwIDM6NTEgMTk0LjUzClRyaXAgQnJldCA2OjIxIDg6NTkgNzguNDkKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE4OjEzIDE5OjUxIDU2Ljk2ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAyOjI3IDQ6NTUgMjcuNzkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMzoyNyA0OjQzIDE5OC40MgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAzOjA4IDM6NTMgMTE4LjYxClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxODoxMCAyMDoxMSAxMTEuNDEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEyOjAyIDEyOjQ4IDI4LjgKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTM6NDAgMTU6MjcgMTEyLjk1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxMzo1NiAxNTo0NSAxNTAuNzYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDM6MjYgNDoyMyAxMDkuMTEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE2OjE1IDE4OjA5IDE2Mi4wNQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTowNCAyOjI3IDE0MC43NgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMjA6MTQgMjA6MzIgMTA1LjQ5ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA4OjIxIDg6MjIgOTAuMDIKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEwOjA4IDExOjE4IDU4Ljg5ClRyaXAgTGV4aSA2OjAyIDc6MjEgNTUuNzMKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDg6NDAgODo1NyAzOC42NgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMzo0NiA0OjU3IDQzLjA3ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDExOjQ1IDExOjU3IDc5LjY4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA5OjQyIDEwOjE1IDEwOC41MgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTA6NTIgMTM6MTMgODQuMTcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE2OjI4IDE5OjE5IDEzOC4yOQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDIwOjMwIDIwOjQ1IDkwLjQ4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAyOjM2IDM6MDcgNTIuNwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA4OjQ1IDk6MDggOTIuMgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDA6MjQgMTozMyA1MC44NApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTc6MDIgMTg6MTMgMTY0LjY3ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxOTozMSAxOTo0NiAxNzguOTYKVHJpcCBUb255IDIwOjU4IDIyOjE4IDIyLjUKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDEwOjU2IDExOjU3IDk1LjA1ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAzOjIwIDQ6MjEgNDEuMzYKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE2OjIwIDE2OjQ0IDE3Ni41MgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMjozNCAzOjEwIDM3LjY4ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNTo0NyAxNTo0OSAxMDkuMDEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMDowMSAxMTo0OCA1MC41MQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMjA6MzIgMjI6MjggNzUuODkKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE6NTAgMzoxMCAxMi4zNQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA5OjAxIDEwOjAxIDE0OS4wNgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxODo1NiAxOTowNSAyOS43NwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNTo1OCAxNjo1OSAxMDAuNDkKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE4OjQ3IDIxOjI2IDE3MC4yNgpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTM6MzkgMTQ6NDQgNzIuMzUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDI6MDYgMjoxNiA2My4yNwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMDo1NyAzOjA4IDUxLjk4ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAzOjA3IDM6MjggMTI2LjU3ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxODozOCAyMToyOCA3Ny4wNgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMTo1MyAxMzoyOSA4My43NQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTc6MjMgMTk6MTIgMTIyLjk4ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA0OjIyIDc6MTEgMTcyLjIzClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxOTo0OCAyMTozOCA3MC42ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTQ6MzkgMTU6MjggMTY1LjM5ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxOTowOCAxOToxNSAxNzguNjYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE3OjA0IDE3OjQxIDI1LjkzClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMzo1MyA0OjI5IDc4LjEyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTI6MDYgMTQ6MjIgMTMwLjc5ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE0OjM2IDE1OjAwIDMxLjQ0ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNTo0OSAxODoyOCAxNTIuMjIKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDU6MTQgNToyNCA3OC41OApUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTE6MzggMTI6NTEgMzcuMzMKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDg6MTggMTE6MTQgMTA0LjQ0ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNzowNCA3OjI2IDc0LjA4ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxOTo1NiAyMTozNCAxNDcuNDEKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDIwOjAxIDIyOjQ5IDQ4LjAzClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxODozMyAxOToyNCA1OC41MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE3OjI0IDE4OjUxIDU0Ljk4ClRyaXAgQmliaSA0OjU3IDc6MjkgMTg2Ljk0ClRyaXAgQnJldCAzOjMwIDU6MjQgMTQ0LjQ1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAwOjQ0IDM6NDQgNTIuMDcKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTA6MjggMTE6MjkgMTcxLjY4ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMjo0NCA0OjM5IDExMi44MQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgNDowMiA2OjEwIDM1LjEyClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMjo1OCAzOjIwIDY4LjkzClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA1OjUyIDY6NTAgODYuNDEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE2OjUyIDE5OjAxIDEzMy40NQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTc6NTMgMjA6MTcgMTQ0LjU1ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNDoyMiAxNTowMiA0Ni4xMQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTY6MDggMTY6NDMgOTguNjgKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE2OjUyIDE5OjIwIDEwMi44OApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE2OjU5IDE4OjQ0IDEwNS40OApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA3OjIxIDg6NDQgMTQxLjk1ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMToxMCAxMzowMiA0MS40NQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTQ6MTIgMTY6NTMgNjQuMgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE2OjQxIDE3OjU0IDg0LjA5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAwOjMyIDI6MzMgMTk5LjIxClRyaXAgUG9wbyA0OjI1IDc6MjUgMTA1LjUxClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDExOjUyIDE0OjUwIDEwMS42NQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTk6NDkgMjI6MTcgMTEuNDUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEyOjQ2IDE0OjQ2IDE0MC42NApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOTo1NiAyMToxMiAxNDAuOTgKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxNjoyOSAxOToxMSA0OC40NgpUcmlwIExleGkgNjozMiA3OjU4IDMuMDUKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEyOjM3IDE0OjAyIDE5OC45MwpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTk6NTEgMjA6NTEgODkuNwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgNzowOSA5OjAxIDMzLjA1ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNjowOCAxOTowMyAxODUuNDQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE6MjYgMTo1MCAzMC4yClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAwOjE1IDI6MjggMTA0LjU1ClRyaXAgQnJldCA2OjU1IDY6NTYgNDQuNzEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxNDozMyAxNDo1OSAxNC4yNQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgODowNiAxMDowMSA1MC43MQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTE6MzYgMTI6MzggNjkuMzQKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE6MDEgMjoxMyAxOTcuMjMKVHJpcCBUb255YSA2OjA4IDg6NDggMTE0LjAyClRyaXAgTGV4aSAwOjEyIDI6MDkgMTc5Ljg5ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE1OjQ2IDE3OjIzIDE2Mi43NwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxNToxNiAxNzozNSAxMjQuOTgKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDA6MDggMjowMSAxMTkuODkKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDU6MjEgODoxOSAxMzMuOTIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMjo1NCAxNDo0NyAxMDYuMjMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE4OjExIDIwOjMzIDYuMzQKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE6MTIgMzo1NCAyMC4wClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMDo1MyAxMzozNCAzOS4xClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMzozNyAxNTowMCAxNS41MwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDk6NDIgMTE6NDAgMTU1LjUzClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMjoyMyAxMzo1OSAxMzAuNDIKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE1OjMwIDE2OjAzIDE5Ny4zNQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgNzo1NyA4OjIxIDIxLjQ4ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAyOjA5IDI6MzUgMTk1Ljg1ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDEyOjI4IDEyOjQ2IDEzNC43MQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA0OjU5IDU6MDQgOTAuOTgKVHJpcCBUb255IDk6MjUgMTA6NDMgMTIwLjkyClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNzoyNiA4OjQ4IDE4OC42NgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTM6MDUgMTM6MjEgOTguMzcKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDA6MTAgMjowMCAzOS4xMgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMzo1NyA1OjI5IDg1LjIyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNDoyNCA1OjQzIDMyLjU2ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAyOjM4IDM6NTMgMjMuMjcKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTo1OSAzOjI2IDU5LjExClRyaXAgVG9ueSAwOjUxIDM6MTMgMjQuMTYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDU6MjQgNjozOCAxMTYuNzUKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDEwOjM3IDEyOjI2IDE2OS4zNQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNTowMCA1OjMyIDc0Ljk1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxMjo1NyAxNDoxNyA3Ny42NwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gODoxOCAxMDozNCAxNjEuNwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gOTo0OSAxMDoyOCA4Ni43NgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNzowOCAxODo0MiA1MC44OQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgOTowNyA5OjU0IDMuOTIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTM6NDcgMTU6MjEgNDcuMTYKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDIwOjM5IDIwOjQ2IDE1Ljk4ClRyaXAgQnJldCA5OjAzIDExOjI1IDE1MC42NApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTQ6MTQgMTY6MDAgNTguNzMKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE1OjM4IDE1OjQxIDEzMS4yOApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDExOjU3IDEzOjI4IDEwNy40MgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMDowOSAxOjQ1IDE3Mi45NwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgODoyMSA4OjUxIDk0Ljk5ClRyaXAgTGV4aSA3OjQxIDk6MDggMTc4Ljk0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyMDo1MSAyMzo0MyAxNTcuNDUKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE4OjAxIDIwOjUyIDUzLjcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDg6MzkgOTowOCA3Mi41NQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTU6MDkgMTY6MDEgMy4wNgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE3OjI0IDIwOjA3IDEuNDIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMTo1OCAxNDoxOSAxNTEuOTQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDEwOjEyIDExOjE2IDE3MC41NgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTozOSAxOjUxIDY4LjI1ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAyMDo0MCAyMDo0OSA3LjIzClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNDozMCAxNjozNyA0LjkxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNjozNSA4OjQ5IDgxLjI4ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA4OjQ3IDk6MzAgMTY3LjA5ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAyOjE4IDM6MzEgMTUwLjQzClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMDozOSAwOjU4IDE5LjYzClRyaXAgUGFub3MgODo1MyA5OjQ0IDcuNjgKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE0OjM2IDE0OjUyIDQ3LjA5ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMDo1NCAxOjA2IDU4LjUxClRyaXAgVG9ueSA0OjMwIDU6NDkgMzcuODYKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE6MjcgMTo1MSAxNTEuODkKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDk6NTggMTE6MjQgMTc2LjY0ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDc6NDMgMTA6MTIgNzMuNjMKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDk6MTggMTA6MzggNzUuMzkKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMjo0NiAxNDoxMSAxMDguMDQKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMDoyNyAzOjA5IDQ2LjQ2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMDoyMCAzOjE0IDE5Mi4yMgpUcmlwIExleGkgMjo1MyAzOjQ4IDE3Mi44MwpUcmlwIExleGkgMzozMCA0OjQzIDE4NC44NQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMzowNiAzOjMzIDExLjkKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMzoyOCAxNDo0NCAxNi45OQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxOToxMiAxOToxNSAyNC42OApUcmlwIExleGkgOToxMyAxMDoxMSAzNy4xOQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgNzoyNyA4OjAwIDc0LjUyClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTc6MzQgMjA6MTYgMjcuMzgKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTU6MzYgMTg6MTYgOTguODMKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE4OjUzIDIwOjUxIDI4LjI4ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNzoxNCAxODo0NyAxNTQuMTUKVHJpcCBUb255YSAyMDowMSAyMjoxMiA4LjIKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDA6MTMgMjoyOCAxOTEuNzcKVHJpcCBUb255IDY6MjUgNzoyMyAxOTcuNjEKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgODozMSA5OjAzIDk2LjE5ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA0OjE1IDY6MzQgMzAuNApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgOTo0NiA5OjQ5IDE1MC42NgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNjowNSA3OjE2IDEyMy41ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTE6MjAgMTE6NTMgMTA3Ljc2ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxOjI5IDE6NTMgMTAuMgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTc6MTYgMTc6NDIgNTQuNDUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA0OjM5IDQ6NTUgMTkxLjc0ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA2OjQzIDc6MDYgNDUuNDYKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE5OjAxIDE5OjMxIDkwLjAxClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA3OjAxIDc6NDIgMTM3LjA0ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMzozOCAxNDoxMyAxMDkuOQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgOToyMCAxMjoxMSA5MC4yNwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgNzozOSA4OjI4IDExOC41NwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDExOjMwIDExOjUwIDg5LjMzClRyaXAgTWlrZSAyMDozNSAyMjowNyAxMzQuNzUKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTQ6MDkgMTU6NDUgMTgyLjM4ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA3OjE5IDc6NTIgNDEuOTEKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDQ6MDEgNjo0NiAzMC4wMgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gOTo0MiAxMTowOCAxMTMuNzgKVHJpcCBUb255YSA4OjA0IDEwOjE1IDU3LjM5ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTI6MTEgMTQ6MDggODcuMDEKVHJpcCBUb255YSA4OjM3IDExOjA1IDMwLjk5ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE1OjE4IDE4OjA0IDEwNC4zNgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTY6MDYgMTg6NTEgMTc0LjMzClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA4OjIwIDEwOjE4IDgyLjE4ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDIwOjQyIDIyOjI2IDU0LjU0ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxNzozMSAxOTo0NCAxNTIuOTcKVHJpcCBUb255IDc6MzUgODo0OSA5NC45NgpUcmlwIExleGkgNDozOCA3OjI2IDE0Ny4yMQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTI6NTggMTQ6MTMgNjAuMTIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDI6MTggNTowNCAxMzguMApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE4OjM2IDE4OjM3IDQ4LjUzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDk6MzggMTE6MTEgMTE0LjA1ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMDo0MSAxMTo1OSA4Ny40NApUcmlwIFRvbnkgNDo1MCA1OjAwIDc1Ljk3ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTI6MzggMTQ6MTkgMjIuNDIKVHJpcCBUb255IDk6MzkgMTI6MzEgMTM1LjIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTozNSA0OjA0IDEzOC43NwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE3OjE3IDIwOjE3IDU1LjcxClRyaXAgVG9ueSA1OjQ0IDg6MTIgMjAuNDcKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDA6MjggMToyOSAzOC42OQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAwOjA4IDE6NDMgOS4yNApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTU6MjUgMTc6MTkgNDEuMjMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDIwOjU3IDIzOjUzIDE5MC4wMQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNzozOSAxMDoyNSAxMzEuODgKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE5OjQ4IDIwOjU4IDE3Ny44OApUcmlwIE1pa2UgODoxNyAxMDoxOCAxNjkuNjcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDY6MTcgNzoxNSAxMzkuOQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMjA6MTMgMjE6NDAgMTgwLjkKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxNzowMiAxODozNyAxNjUuNjkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTozMyAzOjA1IDc5LjQ0ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAyMDozNCAyMjoxOSAxODAuNzEKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxNTo1MSAxODozNyAxMDIuMTUKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE0OjMxIDE3OjEwIDEwMC42MQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDExOjI0IDE0OjI0IDk3LjY0ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTY6MjkgMTg6MjQgMTg5LjYzClRyaXAgUG9wbyAzOjQwIDY6MDkgMTM0Ljg0ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDk6MDUgOToxNCAxMTcuNDMKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE1OjQwIDE3OjE2IDE1Ny44ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDA6NDkgMzozNyAxMTQuNQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgOToxOSAxMDo0NyAxNi4xClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMzoyMyAxNTo0MCAxMy40NwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMToxNiAxOjQ1IDEyMS4wNwpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTo0MiAyOjA2IDE0NC4xNgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMjo1NyAxNDoxOSAxMjkuOTkKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDA6MjAgMDo1MSA4OC4zNQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgNDo0MiA1OjMyIDU4LjM3ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDM6MDcgNTo0MiAzOS4wClRyaXAgQmliaSA1OjUzIDc6MDggMTEuNjUKVHJpcCBUb255IDE1OjQzIDE4OjI0IDEwMS41NApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTQ6MzEgMTU6NTYgNDIuMDcKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDQ6NTIgNTozOSAxNC4yMwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTk6MzIgMTk6MzMgMTMwLjY5ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAyOjIwIDI6NDMgOTguNjcKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE1OjE5IDE3OjE3IDE3Ny45NApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTY6MjQgMTc6MTMgMTkxLjEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDEwOjQ4IDEzOjE0IDE5Mi41NQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTU6NTcgMTg6NDMgNzMuNDMKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDk6NDIgMTI6MzkgMjEuNjUKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE1OjU4IDE4OjEzIDkwLjk4ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTQ6MzMgMTQ6NDEgMTI2LjczClRyaXAgUG9wbyA4OjUxIDg6NTUgMzcuNzIKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE5OjEzIDIxOjU1IDgxLjk0ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTg6NTQgMjE6MTIgMTY0LjgKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDk6NTcgMTI6MjQgNTguNzgKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE1OjQ3IDE3OjA4IDEzMC44NQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNjoyNiA4OjM2IDEyOS43NgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTY6MTYgMTc6NDEgMTE0Ljc0ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMjA6MDAgMjI6MjMgNzEuMjYKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEyOjE2IDEzOjMzIDExOC4wMQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgOTo0MSAxMjozNyAxODcuNDIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMDoxNCAxMDoyOCA3My4zNApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDg6MjMgMTE6MDQgOTEuNTIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDc6NTggMTA6MTEgNzkuNjMKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDY6MzIgODowMiAxMDIuMjgKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE3OjQ0IDE4OjM1IDE2Ni43MwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTo0MyA0OjA3IDExOS42MwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDM6NDMgNjozNSAxNTQuNTYKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE4OjQ0IDE5OjMyIDg5LjIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA4OjE3IDg6MTggMTYuNTEKVHJpcCBUb255IDEzOjE0IDE1OjAzIDQyLjcyClRyaXAgQnJhZCA3OjAxIDg6MjUgMy4zNApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTA6NTYgMTI6NDAgMzAuNTQKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDM6MzggNjozMyAxMzcuNzEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA2OjMxIDc6NTcgMTAzLjEyClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA5OjA5IDExOjMzIDU3LjUxClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDI6MzUgMzowNSAxMjMuNDEKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDQ6MTUgNjo0NyAxMjcuMjMKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxMzo0NiAxNDozOCAxMy40OApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAwOjU5IDE6MzUgNjUuODMKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDA6NDQgMDo1NSAxMy40NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMDoxNiAxOjE0IDExNC4zClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMTozNyAxMTo1MyAxNjIuNApUcmlwIEJyZXQgOTo0MiAxMDowOCAxNzkuMDEKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDE4OjQyIDIwOjM0IDQyLjkKVHJpcCBUb255YSA4OjAyIDEwOjAyIDE1Mi44MgpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMjA6MDEgMjA6MzYgMTE2LjI2ClRyaXAgQnJldCAzOjM2IDQ6NTAgMTk4LjgzClRyaXAgVG9ueSA5OjM5IDExOjI3IDE2OC4zNQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTI6MDkgMTI6MTYgMTgxLjE4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA1OjU2IDY6MjAgMTQ5LjI5ClRyaXAgQmliaSA1OjAyIDc6NTggNDEuNwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMDoyMSAwOjU1IDE2LjgyClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDU6MzcgNTo1NiA1LjA5ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE5OjU1IDIwOjUxIDEzMS40NwpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDQ6MDMgNDo0OSAzOC4xMgpUcmlwIExleGkgMTA6MjEgMTE6NDQgMTQ3LjI4ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE4OjA1IDIwOjM1IDE0MC44OApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTozMCAyOjMxIDQ4LjI4ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA0OjM5IDQ6NDIgNi44ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAxMzozNyAxNDowMCAxNzUuMjIKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDE1OjEwIDE3OjA3IDE2Ny43ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTY6NTQgMTg6MzEgNDkuNTcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE2OjU1IDE5OjM3IDE2MS4yMQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTk6MjUgMjE6MDAgMTI3LjY5ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE6NDQgMjoxNiAxMzYuMDQKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDM6NDYgNTozMCAxODUuOTMKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDEyOjA1IDEzOjUyIDE2LjA2ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxMzowOSAxNDozNiA4Mi45OQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDU6MjEgNzowMCAxMjIuODEKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTowNyAyOjI5IDg2LjQyClRyaXAgQmliaSA4OjMzIDk6NDcgODcuODkKVHJpcCBUb255YSA3OjAyIDg6MTEgMjguMDkKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMjA6MTAgMjI6MjMgMTIzLjY0ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE1OjMyIDE2OjExIDI0LjE1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxOToyNSAxOTo1MiAzMy42MwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgNzo1NiA5OjQ1IDE1OS44ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMjozMSAxNToxMSAyOS4wMgpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTg6NDMgMTk6MDAgMTE5LjA3ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxODoyNiAxODo1MCAzNC40MQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMjo1MiA0OjQ1IDYzLjYzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDY6NTAgOToxMyAxMTIuMTkKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDg6MzEgMTA6MzQgODYuOTQKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDM6MzYgNTowMyA3Mi44OQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTg6NTYgMTk6MzggOTAuNzEKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEwOjM3IDExOjIwIDc3Ljk2ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE5OjAxIDIxOjQzIDg3LjMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE3OjI1IDE5OjMwIDE0LjA5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMDo0MCAxMToyMSAxMTMuMDEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE3OjU3IDE4OjQ0IDcxLjM4ClRyaXAgQmliaSA1OjM0IDc6NDcgMTk2LjQKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDA6MzEgMDo0OCAxNTUuNDcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDA6NDUgMzoxNSAxNTQuNjUKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDc6MDMgODoxMyA2NS44OApUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTk6NDggMTk6NTcgNzguNTIKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDExOjQxIDEzOjA2IDEzMC4xNApUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgNjoxOCA2OjI0IDE2NS44NQpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTA6MjYgMTI6NTggNjUuNzMKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE0OjI5IDE1OjMwIDE0OC41NQpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgOTozMCAxMDoyOCAxNjEuOTQKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDc6MTAgODoxNyAyNS41MwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMzoxOCAzOjUyIDg5LjU5ClRyaXAgQnJldCA5OjUyIDEwOjMzIDczLjA3ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgOTozMCAxMTo1OSA0Mi4zNApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxMzo0NiAxNjoxMyAxNTYuMTIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTg6MzcgMTk6MzEgMTk0LjQxClRyaXAgQnJhZCAyMDowMSAyMTo0NyAxMDQuNDYKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTI6MjAgMTU6MDkgMTg3LjE4ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAyOjUzIDU6MzQgOC44MgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCA5OjQ4IDEwOjQzIDEzMi42NQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgNjoyOCA3OjQ4IDgxLjMKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTk6NDIgMjA6MjQgMTc1LjA3ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA1OjM1IDY6NDcgMTA0LjI0ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNDozMiAxNjoyNCA2MC43MwpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNTowNiA3OjE4IDE1OC43NApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE3OjQ1IDE5OjAyIDE0MS4wOApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTo1MCAzOjExIDE4Mi4wMwpUcmlwIExleGkgMTU6NDMgMTY6NDEgMTgxLjEyClRyaXAgQmliaSA3OjQwIDk6MDkgMTguNTIKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTg6NTggMjE6MDUgMTc4LjAxClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDI6MzcgNDo0OCAxOTcuNDYKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDc6MjkgODozMSA1Ny4wNApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAyMDo1MSAyMjowMSAxNS4wNApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDc6MTUgNzozMiA0My45NQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMzoxMSAzOjU4IDEwNi4zMgpUcmlwIEJyZXQgNToxMiA3OjMyIDIuMzgKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDEwOjMxIDExOjQ5IDc1LjQ0ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDEyOjQwIDE1OjA5IDE1OS40NApUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTE6NDMgMTQ6MzAgMTAwLjE0ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxNDo1OCAxNTo0MSA3MS41MQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDEwOjIyIDEwOjMwIDkwLjEKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTE6MjYgMTI6NDEgMTkzLjg1ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDk6MDcgMTE6MTAgMTk5LjM4ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxOjUyIDM6MjMgOTguNDUKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDY6MTcgODozOCAxMzEuODIKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDg6MjcgMTA6MzMgMTQ1Ljg3ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgODoxMiAxMDoyOCAxMzAuMDIKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDQ6MjQgNTozMyA0NS44NgpUcmlwIExleGkgNTo0MCA4OjM5IDMuMzUKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDE6MjMgMjoxMyA2Ni41MwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNDozMyA1OjU0IDQzLjE5ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDI6MTIgMzowNiAxNDAuNTEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDA6MTUgMDo0OCA4MS44MgpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMzozNCA1OjMxIDgxLjI5ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxNDo0NyAxNTo0MyA3OC4xOQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNzoxMSA3OjM5IDE0OS4wOApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDY6MzMgODoxMCAxNDcuODUKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA1OjUzIDc6MTEgMTAwLjMzClRyaXAgTGV4aSA4OjU1IDEwOjMyIDYxLjYyClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTQ6MzAgMTY6MTEgMTYxLjEKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDE1OjI5IDE2OjI2IDE0MS40NwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAzOjA4IDQ6MzUgMTg4Ljg1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA4OjI5IDEwOjIzIDk1LjEyClRyaXAgTGV4aSA2OjE2IDk6MTAgMzQuNDMKVHJpcCBUb255YSA3OjAwIDk6MzEgMTg3LjExClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMjoyMyAzOjIyIDEwNC42OApUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTI6NTggMTU6MjUgOTguOQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTM6MzEgMTY6MjUgNjEuNApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxODoyMiAxODozNyA0Ny4xNQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTg6MDggMjA6MzIgMTc1LjExClRyaXAgQnJldCAxNDoxNiAxNDo1NCAyMi4zMgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAyOjQ2IDU6MjkgMTUuMjMKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDIwOjQ5IDIyOjU4IDczLjg4ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAwOjU4IDM6NDMgMTUwLjU3ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA1OjE5IDc6NDUgMTYxLjQzClRyaXAgTWlrZSA2OjA1IDc6MDggMTUxLjIzClRyaXAgQnJldCAzOjU1IDU6MDggMTMxLjI0ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTc6MDIgMTk6MjkgMTg1LjE3ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA3OjA4IDg6MDIgNDAuMDMKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxOToxNSAyMTo1NSAxNDMuNjkKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEwOjU5IDEzOjAxIDc5LjI3ClRyaXAgTWlrZSA0OjI0IDY6MTMgMTQ3LjU5ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAwOjEyIDI6NTEgMzIuOQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgODo0OSA4OjU2IDE3MS4yMwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTA6MTcgMTA6NDcgNjkuNzkKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDU6NDMgNjozNCAxNDEuMzYKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxNTo0NSAxODowNSAzOC42NgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMjA6MDIgMjE6MjUgMTcuMDgKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDEwOjIwIDEwOjI3IDkzLjY0ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAzOjE3IDU6MDEgMTE0LjgyClRyaXAgQmliaSA5OjUwIDEwOjU3IDcwLjA5ClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSA2OjMyIDg6NTkgMTYzLjIxClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTI6MzggMTI6NTUgMTUxLjg5ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxNjoxNiAxODoxNyAxODcuNTEKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDg6MTUgOTozNyAxMDkuNzIKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTg6MTkgMTk6NTggNDYuMjIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgNToxMyA3OjA2IDE3Mi42OQpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDA6MzkgMToyMyAzNC43ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMzozNSAxNDo0MCAxNjguMDMKVHJpcCBUb255YSA4OjQ0IDk6MzUgMTE4LjUKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE2OjA2IDE4OjEyIDE3Ljc3ClRyaXAgUG9wbyA3OjQwIDEwOjA4IDM1LjA3ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNDozMCAxNzoyNSA1NC42MgpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTc6MzkgMTg6NDcgOTUuMjIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA3OjU3IDg6MDcgMTYuMApUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTc6MzcgMTk6NTEgMjguODIKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE6NDIgMjoxMyAxOTIuMTcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE2OjE0IDE3OjMzIDE4Mi41ClRyaXAgVG9ueSA3OjQzIDEwOjExIDE4Mi4zOQpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAyOjA3IDQ6MjkgMTIuNzgKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDI6MDkgNDoyMyAxMy44NwpUcmlwIExleGkgMTY6MTMgMTY6MTggODguMjIKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDY6NTIgNzoxOCA3Mi45OQpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDEyOjQzIDEzOjQzIDEyMS4xOApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAyMDowMSAyMDoyOCA1Ni40ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxMzowMCAxNTo0NCA0Ny4yOQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTA6MDcgMTE6NTcgNzMuNzIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgNjowNiA2OjQ2IDExNS43NwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTY6MDUgMTg6MTQgOTYuMTEKVHJpcCBUb255YSAxNjo1OSAxNzozNCAzNC40NgpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAzOjM5IDU6MTMgMTUwLjU2ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgODozNSAxMDozNyAxODYuMApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTk6MTAgMjA6MzkgODguMwpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTE6MzkgMTI6MTkgNTMuNDQKVHJpcCBUb255IDE5OjE2IDIyOjAxIDYyLjU0ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDg6MjQgMTA6MjAgMTAuNTEKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNTozOSA4OjA3IDEyNy41MQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMTU6MzMgMTg6MjIgMjYuMzEKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE3OjM0IDE3OjQ5IDc3LjUxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNDozMyA3OjA3IDEyNS45MwpUcmlwIEJyYWQgOToxNCA5OjQ0IDExOS40ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMTowMiAxMTo0NSAxMTIuOTMKVHJpcCBUb255IDIwOjA3IDIxOjAzIDg4LjAKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMjowNSAxMzozMiA5OC41MgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE2OjMzIDE4OjUwIDEzMi42ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDIwOjI0IDIyOjIzIDg5LjkxClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxODoyNCAxODoyNyAxNTUuMDQKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTg6NDkgMjA6NDEgMzguOTIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDExOjIwIDEzOjM1IDE2NC4zNgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTI6MTMgMTU6MDAgNDQuMApUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTk6MjMgMjA6MjAgMTk2LjI0ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMjozOCAxNDoyOCA4NC4xOQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTc6MDkgMjA6MDYgMTM0LjM2ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE5OjI1IDIyOjA4IDE0LjIzClRyaXAgQmliaSA3OjAxIDk6MjMgMzIuNDMKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMTI6MjAgMTM6NDAgMTM0LjE1ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxNjo1OCAxODowMSA5OS41ClRyaXAgTGV4aSA4OjMyIDEwOjE4IDExMS4xClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNToyNSA2OjUzIDkzLjM4ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxODowMiAxOTozNCA3Ni4wOQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxOjE3IDE6MjQgMTIxLjI0ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNzo1OSA4OjU0IDI5LjE4ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDEyOjM3IDE0OjU0IDE3Ni45MgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgNDo0OCA1OjIzIDEzMS41NQpUcmlwIExleGkgOToyNSAxMToxNiAxNDQuNzYKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDA6NDYgMTowMCA3LjM3ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMjo0OCAxMzo0NSAyNy41NwpUcmlwIExleGkgMTk6MTAgMjE6NTMgMTE5LjEKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDg6MDQgODo0MCAxNTAuNDEKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDA6NDUgMjoxNCAxNTkuMQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA1OjEyIDc6NDAgMjQuMApUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTU6NTYgMTc6MjUgNjYuOTYKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDI6MDkgMjo1OSAxLjE1ClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMzozNiAxNDo1NSA2MC40OQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTY6NDAgMTc6NTQgMTY4LjQ0ClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE1OjE2IDE2OjU5IDkxLjM3ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxOTo1MyAyMDoyMiA5NC4wNwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAzOjI1IDY6MTEgMTQyLjI3ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxMjowOSAxMzowMCAyNS44MgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTU6MTAgMTc6NTEgMTYxLjc1ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMjowMCAxMjowMiA0NC42ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxNTozNCAxNTo1MyAxMDguODIKVHJpcCBUb255IDE6MDYgNDowMSA4Ni43NApUcmlwIExleGkgOToxNiAxMToxNSA1MS4wClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTk6MjQgMTk6NTUgMTQ1LjA3ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMjowMyAyOjQ5IDEzMS4wClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxMDo1MiAxMzowOCAxOC41OQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgOTo0NCAxMTo0NSAxMTQuNDkKVHJpcCBCcmFkIDY6NDYgODo0NyA2OS4wMwpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMDoxMyAyOjE0IDU1LjIyClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxMTo0MCAxNDozNSAxNy42OApUcmlwIFBvcG8gMjo0NyA1OjM1IDU4LjYyClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxOTo0MSAyMTo0MyAxMDEuNjQKVHJpcCBUb255YSA4OjAyIDk6MjcgMTE1LjUKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE4OjMyIDE5OjQyIDg2LjQ4ClRyaXAgTGV4aSAxODo1NCAxOTowNyA1OS4yNQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMTU6MDQgMTY6NDQgNjQuMDYKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDA6MDIgMTo0OCAxMDAuOTIKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDExOjM3IDE0OjI5IDIzLjIxClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNDoyMyA3OjEyIDE0My4xNQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxMjozOSAxMzoyOCA0NS4xMQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTI6MDcgMTM6MjEgMTEzLjExClRyaXAgQmliaSAxMzoxMiAxMzozNSA5MS41MgpUcmlwIERhbnNsZXkgMTQ6MDcgMTY6MDQgMTIxLjg2ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE0OjAwIDE0OjAxIDYxLjE0ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMjoxMSAxMzozMyAxMDAuMTMKVHJpcCBUb255YSA5OjA4IDEwOjQzIDMyLjE2ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMjA6MjAgMjI6MTIgMTgxLjM0ClRyaXAgQnJhZCA4OjQ0IDExOjEzIDQ4LjA4ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgMTc6NDQgMjA6MzEgMTI3LjE2ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMTo0MCAxMTo1NiAxNjcuMQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMTozNyA0OjM3IDM2Ljg1ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgMTQ6MzUgMTU6MDQgMTQuNTIKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgNDoxOSA0OjU5IDExNy40NgpUcmlwIFBvcG8gMjA6NTcgMjM6MzIgMTY5LjI5ClRyaXAgUG9wbyAxMjo0NiAxMzozNyAxNjYuNjgKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDEzOjMzIDE2OjE2IDY4LjI5ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxNzoxMiAxNzoyNiAzMi44MgpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgODoyNSA5OjI2IDEwMS44NQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA5OjQ3IDEwOjE4IDExMS4wClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxOjM2IDI6MTMgOTQuMApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDk6NDggMTA6NDUgMTkuOTUKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgNzowNyA3OjA4IDEyNy4yClRyaXAgQnJhZCAxNDoxMCAxNDoyMyAxMDEuNjIKVHJpcCBUb255IDY6MzkgODoxMCAxNDAuOApUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOTo1NiAyMToxNiAxMTcuMTMKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDE2OjI4IDE3OjMwIDUxLjM0ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDExOjEyIDExOjI0IDE3LjU3ClRyaXAgRG9oYXJ0IDE1OjAxIDE3OjU1IDIuNjcKVHJpcCBCaWJpIDI6MDYgMzoxNCA0Ni42MwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE1OjA2IDE3OjA0IDEwNy43MQpUcmlwIEJyZXQgMTQ6MzEgMTY6MjYgMTIxLjYzClRyaXAgTWlrZSAxNzowNSAxOTo0NSAyOC41NwpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA0OjE1IDY6MTkgNTguMTYKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDIwOjM5IDIxOjI5IDExNS41MgpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAxNzozMyAyMDoyOSAxNjMuMzkKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDg6MDUgMTA6NTMgMTkuMTcKVHJpcCBCcmlhbm5hIDA6MzAgMzowMiAxNjUuMTQKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxMToyMCAxMzoxMiAyMS44MQpUcmlwIEJyaWFubmEgMTE6NDQgMTM6NTcgODEuOQpUcmlwIE1pa2UgMzozNyA1OjQ5IDE1MS44MwpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE4OjI2IDIxOjExIDg5Ljc2ClRyaXAgVG9ueSAxNDozNyAxNTo1OSAxOTEuODUKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgMjo0OCAzOjU2IDE0My42NwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgOTozNyAxMTo0OSAxMjkuMjYKVHJpcCBDaHJpc3RpbmEgMTY6MjMgMTk6MDYgMTY1LjAzClRyaXAgRGFuc2xleSAyOjA0IDI6MjkgNzQuMzcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE6MzQgMjoyNSAxMTcuMjIKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDEzOjQxIDE1OjM1IDE4MC40NgpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTA6NTQgMTI6NDEgMTY1LjQ3ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAyOjM5IDQ6MzQgMTM4LjU0ClRyaXAgQnJhZCAyMDoxOSAyMjoxOSAxMC41OQpUcmlwIFBvcG8gNjo0MSA4OjA5IDE3OS4zNApUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDU6NTUgODowOCAxMzIuMzUKVHJpcCBCcmV0IDE5OjUwIDIwOjUxIDExLjM1ClRyaXAgTWlrZSAyMDoxOSAyMTo1MyAxMjAuOTIKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDIwOjUwIDIyOjA3IDE5NC45ClRyaXAgVG9ueWEgNTowNSA2OjU1IDEyLjI1ClRyaXAgQnJhZCA4OjM0IDk6NDEgMTkuOTEKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyA1OjIyIDY6MzkgMTgyLjUzClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNDoyMiA1OjQ0IDE2OC44OQpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTY6NDAgMTY6NTggMTMyLjIyClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSA5OjM5IDEyOjA2IDE2MC4zNApUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDE3OjA2IDE5OjEzIDMzLjQzClRyaXAgQ2hyaXN0aW5hIDE6MDMgMTowNCAxNzUuMDMKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDA6NTEgMTowMyAyMS45NgpUcmlwIFRvbnlhIDc6NTIgOTowNiAxOTMuODcKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE2OjU4IDE4OjA3IDEyNS42MwpUcmlwIERvaGFydCAxOjAzIDI6MjQgNTguMTUKVHJpcCBEYW5zbGV5IDEzOjEyIDE0OjM1IDQuOTcKVHJpcCBMZXhpIDE2OjEwIDE4OjUzIDIwLjI5ClRyaXAgQnJldCAyOjM5IDM6MDMgMjguMTUKVHJpcCBQb3BvIDEyOjUwIDE1OjQyIDE3OC4zMQpUcmlwIEJpYmkgMToyOSAzOjU5IDExMi44NApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA2OjQyIDY6NDMgMTU2LjM2ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMzoxNCAxNDoxNiAxMzIuMzYKVHJpcCBUb255IDY6MTQgODoxNiA0OC4yNApUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSA2OjQyIDg6NTIgMzQuNjIKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAxODoyNCAyMDo0NyA1OS44MQpUcmlwIENocmlzdGluYSAyOjIzIDQ6NDEgOTcuNzkKVHJpcCBQYW5vcyAzOjQ3IDQ6MjcgMTI5LjA5ClRyaXAgQnJldCAxMjoxOCAxNDoxNiA0OS45ClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNjo0MCA3OjMyIDc3LjczClRyaXAgUGFub3MgNzoyMiAxMDowMCAxMzAuMTQKVHJpcCBUb255YSA1OjQwIDc6MDggNzEuOTQKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDI6NTEgMzowNiAyNy4yNwpUcmlwIFRvbnkgMTg6MzMgMTg6NDggMTMzLjA2ClRyaXAgQnJpYW5uYSAxMDo0MyAxMjowMiAxNjkuMTUKVHJpcCBUb255YSA2OjIwIDc6MzkgNDYuOTEKVHJpcCBNaWtlIDE1OjIzIDE2OjIxIDc5LjYKVHJpcCBEb2hhcnQgOToxNiAxMDo0OCAxNTUuMwpUcmlwIEJyZXQgNTo1MyA3OjU5IDEzNy45NgpUcmlwIEJyYWQgMTU6NDkgMTg6MjMgMTQzLjc5ClRyaXAgQmliaSA1OjI5IDc6MjkgNTAuNgpUcmlwIFBhbm9zIDE5OjMwIDIxOjUxIDkwLjczClRyaXAgRG9nYXJ0CkRyaXZlciBTdGFt"
}
